CSCE181 May 6th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Completely online. 12 one-hour presentation-style
meetings on Zoom every Tuesday only (despite
schedule builder also showing Thursday), need at least
11 for an A. Purely graded on attendance, the
presentations were quite interesting. Just show up and
stay in the Zoom.
CSCE312 May 6th, 2026
He's kind and cracked. take him
CSCE312 May 6th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Honestly one of the sweetest, most passionate
professors you will ever have. He explains difficult
concepts in such a simple way and makes sure that
students understand what he's saying. I personally
found the class very difficult but it had more to do with
the content itself. No curve on exams. Large weight on
assignments/quizzes/capstone project.
CSCE312 May 1st, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
This class is actually lab-heavy: 70% of your grade is
based on your lab activities (GLE, capstone,
attendance), and the tests are 30% - so as long as you
do well in your lab activities, the tests will not screw
you. He's an awesome guy who encourages questions
and is great when explaining. I can tell that he
absolutely loves sharing knowledge.
CSCE312 Apr 30th, 2026
Even though the topic of the class can be confusing,
he really makes it enjoyable and easy to understand
and is always willing to answer questions. Exams are
light work, just do the practice problems and it's a
breeze. Absolutely goated professor, would take again
CSCE181 Apr 28th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Your grade is literally just attendance. The class is
interesting with many great guest speakers.
CSCE312 Apr 23rd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
He explained everything very clearly, always records
the lectures/posts the slides, hw is relevant to material,
and he is always kind and friendly to the students. I
took him for 181, took him again for 312, and I'll take
him a third time if I ever get the chance. He made the
class really interesting & it was my favorite class this
semester!
AakQaUsAhLI TTYyagi
CSCE312 Apr 6thR,a 2te026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Literally the sweetest man on Earth. Lectures are
thorough and recorded, gives tons of practice
problems and additional review for exam. Lab
activities and quizzes are pretty simple, and he curves
the quizzes on occasion. Overall if you just keep up
with the lecture content and do the assignments you're
chilling.
CSCE181 Feb 18th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Grade only based on attendance once a week, very
easy. Also gave lots of good information for computer
science majors and getting into the field.
CSCE181 Dec 14th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
He is so nice. This class was graded purely on
attendance and the class was on zoom once a week.
There were no assignments or tests at all. If you
missed classes you could just write an essay about the
topic discussed in the class you missed to get full
credit back. Genuinely the lightest class you will ever
take.
CSCE181 Dec 8th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
This class was only graded on attendance to the
online zoom meeting once a week, no hw & no tests.
Schedule says we meet Tues & Thurs, but we only met
on Tues each week. Super informative about current
industry & different academic paths, a lot of guest
lecturers too. Would recommend, & I'm taking him next
semester too for CSCE 312
CSCE312 Jun 5th, 2025
He's the best. Lectures are all recorded, and I would
watch them at 2X speed. Labs were also recorded and
usually were very helpful for projects. Example exams
were also provided on the lab before the exam, which
was held in lab. Final was online for us due to
scheduling issues
CSCE312 May 16th, 2025
Attendance: Not Mandatory Grade: A
Easy A and good videos, but the labs were a waste of
time, and 75% of the class didn't go.
CSCE312 Apr 29th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Not much to say; made the class really easy, was very
clear on assignments and deadlines, great lectures as
well. Definitely take him for 312.
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
The best CS prof at tamu, take him for any class.
CSCE181 Feb 25th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Easy A class with interesting guest speakers. Just
show up to the Zoom sessions and you're good.
Unstuck study was a great supplement for reviewing
the slides. Overall a chill and rewarding experience!
CSCE181 Jan 13th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Tyaagi was so skibidi. The class is just graded on
attendance every week to the Zoom meeting and a
quiz that's due each Friday based on the topic from
that week. just show up to class and pay attention to
the presentation. should be an easy A
CSCE312 Jan 13th, 2025
Professor Tyagi is a wonderful person. He will meet
with you to help and his course content/structure is
amazing.
CSCE181 Dec 13th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Tyagi is a brilliant, kind, and well-loved professor.
For 181, he was a gem and I am truly honored to have
taken his course. He's incredibly receptive to feedback
and made sure everyone got grades they were happy
with. Always take his class. Esteemed as well, worked
at Intel for many many years on chips!
CSCE312 Dec 11th, 2024
312 with Tyagi was an absolute joy. My only critique is
I wish we learned more about x86 architecture, as
that's something that interests me personally. The
projects were really fun, and they were all quite easy if
you watched the lectures (except for one project,
which was a nice challenge.) Tyagi is an amazing prof
and you should always take him.
CSCE181 Dec 10th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Great prof and great class learnt a lot from all the
guests some even inspired me. Take this class
whenever you can, possibly freshman year.
CSCE181 Dec 8th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Tyagi is the goat. 181 is not really much of a class, it's
more of a seminar. Guest speakers every class and it's
usually pretty interesting. 5 question quizzes over the
lecture, 2 attempts but you should be able to get a 100
on the first attempt even if you did not pay attention to
the lecture at all. Very easy
CSCE312 Aug 19th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
I took his summer 312 and it was genuinely a great
experience. His sections always fill up during the
semester and I understand why. He was very
accommodating when stuff came up and the TA's
were decently generous with grading. His expectations
were very clear and you get bonus points if you submit
assignments a couple days before the deadline.
CSCE221 May 17th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
I loved 221 with Tyagi; it was insightful and I came out
of the class feeling like I learned something. However,
while the content was simple, there were a lot of
assignments. Especially in the second half of the
semester, the class moves fast. Take advantage of the
incentive dates for extra credit, but you should be fine
if you work hard.
CSCE221 May 10th, 2024
Online lectures, in person lab. Programming
assignments and lab exercises can take time, but they
give the testing script. Lectures are thorough and lab is
a great time to ask TAs for help. Turning in
programming assignments before a certain date can
give 3% extra credit. For exams, there is a coding and
a canvas exam and both are open note.
CSCE221 May 9th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
This is by far the best professor to take for 221. The
lecture portion was completely online but the labs
were in person. The programming assignments and
lab exercises do take quite a bit of time, but the test
cases are given so you know what you will get when
you turn them in (not including the report). Also the
"exams" are open note and are easy.
CSCE221 May 8th, 2024
Tyagi is one of the best profs in the department. He
teaches 221 very well, is super understanding, and a
very caring prof. Take him for any class he offers.
CSCE221 May 2nd, 2024
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes
Grade: Not sure yet
Thought the class was well-organized and
assignments were pretty straightforward despite being
busy. Tyagi is awesome for real
CSCE181 Dec 19th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Very informative course, and very easy grading - you
just had to show up in the zoom 1 or 2 times a week
with camera off and mic muted for an A. I missed a
couple lectures and was borderline on an A, and I was
able to write a summary of a missed lecture and get
points back, so I would say its very forgiving. Overall
great experience!
CSCE312 Dec 19th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Lots of lecture and lab videos, so catching up was
easy if you missed lecture. Course content was hard,
but Tyagi and the TA made it as painless as possible.
Lots of extra credit available on homeworks, clear
deadlines and grades based entirely off of test cases
given to you.
CSCE312 Dec 15th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Tyagi the goat
CSCE312 Nov 20th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Overall, great professor. Cares about his students,
clear course expectations. Lectures are dry. Some
projects were hard but office hours were helpful, and
you get extra credit for submitting early. Class practise
problems were not like practise exam questions. But
the exam style is really similar to the practise exam so
just understand that.
CSCE312 Nov 13th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Very solid dude. Tyagi is very sweet and is passionate
about what he's teaching. There definitely are some
tough concepts to understand but he uses great
analogies to help. Personally, the course didn't get too
difficult until LE5/P5, but the concepts build on each
other so try to stay on top of it.
CSCE181 Nov 9th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Amazing and very interesting class. Attendance isn't
mandatory, it's just online webinars where experts
come and talk about different CS topics, pretty
interesting if you like the topics being talked about. All
you have to do is pass the two quizzes throughout the
semester and you can just review the slides which
have all the answers.
CSCE181 Oct 14th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Great class, great professor, great speakers.
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
He is very cool
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Very casual class. Get to learn about all different
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
I wrote this review on the 1st day!!! No assignments
literally just go to class and sit in the chat, its like a
twitch stream! Do pay attention tho to be respectfull!!
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Literally only have to show up to the zoom meeting,
nothing else. No homework, no test, just attendance.
And he is cool, the zoom feels like a twitch stream.
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Great prof who actually cares about his students.
Reads every question in the chat and makes sure to
help everyone in need.
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Online Class: Yes
Great professor, no homework, just attendance for a 1
hour class once a week.
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Great prof who actually cares about his students.
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
This professor is really nice. He really cares about his
students, and he wants students to actually learn the
subject.
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Cares for his students and wants you to do well
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
W Professor
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
He is really understanding and very nice. He conducts
the class quite well and overall made the environment
very welcoming
CompQuUteArL SITcYience
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
The Zoom meetings are gold! It's basically just a
Twitch chat that gets super hype when he does
something, it's awesome!
CSCE181 Aug 22nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Very chill, very sweet, and very likable.
CSCE312 May 17th, 2023
Aakash Tyagi Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N R / a A te
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
The best structured class I've ever taken. The entire
class uses a bottom-up approach where everything
builds on top of each other. Around 1-2 assignments
per week. Just watch the lecture videos and you'll be
set. He offers extra credit on everything if you turn it in
early so I didn't even have to attempt the final to keep
an A!
CSCE181 May 15th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Taking CSCE 181 with Dr. Tyagi was a very
inspirational experience as students were exposed to
the many unique fields within computing. Dr. Tyagi
worked very hard to bring qualified speakers to the
class and always motivated the class to ask questions
and learn more. Dr. Tyagi himself is extremely qualified
and can really mentor his students.
CSCE312 May 3rd, 2023
Tyagi put in the work, put in the hours. For EVERY
TOPIC (there were nearly 25 of them), there were
several lecture videos, notes, a slideshow, a
condensed summary, optional practice problems,
solutions to those problems, and a video walk-through
of the solutions. Constantly engaging with students on
Teams. Night and day compared to Lupoli. W prof.
CSCE312 May 2nd, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Prof. Tyagi is an outstanding educator who cares
about his students' success. He has a deep
understanding of the subject and is able to explain
complex concepts in a way that is easy to understand.
He is also a kind and compassionate person. He
creates a supportive learning environment and is
always willing to help his students in any way he can.
CSCE181 May 1st, 2023
He will value you for sharing your perspective, as it
really helps him make the class better. For my part, as
a General Engineer who had a not so great start to
college, but still wants to major in computer science,
I've found that the class has helped me pick the brains
of advisors as it relates to what I need for a successful
ETAM.
CSCE312 May 1st, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
I mean are we serious about this guys? Tyagi is simply
the greatest. Come on. Stop playing these games. Get
off rate my professor and register for his section as
soon as possible. Turned in the wrong assignment at
least 3 times for the few major assignments this class
has. Other professors? Zero. Tyagi? 105.
Understanding and empathetic to us.
CSCE312 Apr 25th, 2023
I took this class asynchronously and the material was
difficult but the lecture videos were pretty good. Best
advice is to stay on top of your stuff, if you fall behind
it can be really hard to catch up as the assignments
definitely get progressively harder as the semester
goes on.
CSCE312 Feb 28th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Incomplete
The tests are kinda hard. His lectures are great despite
them being online and prerecorded. He explains things
in very simple ways which makes difficult topics very
understandable. It's almost like he remembers what
it's like to not already have a PhD in his field... This is
something many other engineering professors have
seemingly forgotten.
CSCE181 Feb 13th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Super easy, just take the lecture quizzes and go to as
many weekly lectures as you can. Tyagi is the best prof
ever!
CSCE181 Jan 15th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
He was a nice teacher and the class was super easy.
He tried his best to engage with the class to make it
more enjoyable such as scheduling lectures on topics
that students enjoyed. Basically just a participation
grade. Just take a short quiz after a lecture for credit.
CSCE181 Jan 15th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Super caring and easy going professor. As long as you
attend class and do the quizzes this class is an easy A.
He does count attendance through zoom so if you skip
class you will not get credit. The class talks about
interesting lectures though and has no homework.
Tyagi is one of the nicest and best profs I've had so I
would defintely recommend.
CSCE313 Dec 22nd, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
It is already well-established that Dr. Tyagi is an
incredible professor. Last semester, I took his 312
class and it was honestly a disaster (for a variety of
reasons, I believe). At the end of last semester, I
emailed him with some suggestions and critiques and
he actually implemented some of them in the 313
class. Not many teachers do this. A+!
CSCE181 Dec 16th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
All you do is show up to the zoom meetings and take
an attendance quiz after. Guaranteed A, take him for
181 if you can. He would bring in speakers for the
meetings, and it would always be interested stuff
about the tech industry.
CSCE181 Dec 15th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Took a seminar course with Dr.Tyagi and had a great
experience. He is caring and accommodating and it is
abundantly clear how much value he places on the
students. Great Prof!
CSCE312 May 17th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Very disconnected this semester, felt like he didn't
understand the class' struggles. Wildly unprepared for
midterm (avg was a 50) as quizzes and past questions
were way too easy in comparison. Gave good extra
credit at end. Lectures were long, boring, and very
overwhelming, hard to understand what we needed to
pick up from the lectures..
CSCE313 May 17th, 2022
Grade: A Textbook: N/A Online Class: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is helpful and seems like he genuinely cares.
He wants his students to walk away from the class
having gained knowledge. That being said, his class'
online format was annoying at best. The quizzes were
though reflective of the exams felt like they contributed
nothing to my learning. The lectures were hard to pay
attention to.
CSCE313 May 11th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Dr. Tyagi is one of the kindest professors I have ever
had the pleasure of interacting with. That said, CSCE
313 was the hardest class I have taken in college so
far. I learned a lot, but please, do not take this
professor if you are not up for the challenge.
Otherwise, you will leave his class with a deep
understanding of the course material.
CompQuUteArL SITcYience
CSCE312 May C9tohm, 2p0a2re2
Grade: A Textbook: N/A Online Class: Yes
Dr. tyagi is a very nice professor, however this is not
enough and do not be misled by these reviews. The
class was mostly online, the labs were useless as they
ended in 10 mins, and exams were very difficult (avg
being a 50). Nothing prepares you for these exams
other than the very few practice questions he posts.
Know what you are getting into.
CSCE312 May 9th, 2022
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
I took 312, and I honestly don't see the hype about
Tyagi. The projects and quizzes were fine, but the
online pre-recorded lectures made the exams so bad.
The exams were so unreasonably hard and unrelated
to the projects or things covered in lab. This is up there
with the worst learning experiences I've ever had.
Please don't be misled.
CSCE312 May 7th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes
Tyagi is very nice, caring professor. He's passionate
about teaching and genuinely wants his students to
learn. I found his lectures very informative but also dry
and long. Projects are worth most of your grade and
the exams were difficult since we were given little time.
He offers a lot of extra credit and only curves the final
grade if necessary.
CSCE313 May 5th, 2022
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Hands down one of the best professors I have ever
had at A&M! Offered a lot of extra credit opportunities.
The teaching staff too was very helpful on
Programming Assignments and encouraged students
to participate. The only problem faced was that the
midterm and final were difficult to complete under 50
minutes.
CSCE312 May 1st, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is an incredible professor and it is truly a
privilege to learn from such a practiced educator. The
curriculum he uses is fun and practical. Take Dr. Tyagi
if you can, you will not regret it. The only thing wrong
with the class was that the exams were far too difficult
for the 50 minutes we were given to take them (and in
general).
CSCE312 Apr 28th, 2022
Dr. Tyagi is a fantastic professor, my only issue is that
the exams are much more difficult when compared to
the rest of the assignments given in the class, so it felt
very difficult to become prepared for one of his exams.
Since the exam averages were lower than normal he
did give us some extra credit opportunities as a result
of this.
CSCE313 Feb 4th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
This review will be different than the others, I wont
reiterate how great he is as a teacher. As a person, he
Genuinely cares about his students, I seen him
connecting with students from years back. He sees life
in a different way and ALWAYS holds a smile in his
face. Besides textbook, i learnt how to be positive in
life from him.
CSCE312 Jun 22nd, 2021
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Dr. Tyagi made an incredibly boring subject fascinating
with a variety of tools: choosing a uniquely practical
curriculum over the usual book, drawing on his
experience at Intel and being very easy to approach
for help during and outside lecture. He is a big part of
why I didn't quit the major and ended up becoming a
software engineer.
CSCE312 Apr 4th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
His exams are hard, but the projects are pretty easy so
don't mess up on those. Don't be stupid and try to
copy other people's work at the beginning of the class
because later he'll go through your work and make
sure that it's unique or whatever. Tyagi truly cares
about his good students and that means he's not
afraid to root out the bad ones.
CSCE312 Dec 30th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Awesome prof. Probably the best prof I have ever had
in computer science here. Difficulty is reasonable and
his instructions are clear. Lectures are asynchronous
but he has clear lectures and practice questions which
really help. He really does his best to make sure you
understand the material.
CSCE312 Dec 7th, 2020
Dr. Tyagi is a great professor! He was available at any
time to talk at any time, especially when projects are
due. Exams were difficult but fair but grading was very
forgiving. One of the best professors in the
department!
CSCE312 Nov 21st, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
They call him Indian Jesus for a reason. He's probably
the best professor I've ever had. Amazing lectures,
amazing course format, and an amazing man. I wish
there were more professors like him.
CSCE312 Sep 15th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
A genuine human being and an amazing person
beyond that. Very intelligent and extends his
help/advice beyond just class. Take his class in a
heartbeat.
CSCE312 May 27th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
He is the best professor I've had in my 4 years at
material and easy-to-understand lessons. He goes
above and beyond to help every single student and
cares so much about the material. If you ever have the
chance, TAKE HIS CLASS!!! Cannot speak highly
enough of him, he will be your favorite prof!
CSCE221 Dec 11th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
A fantastic and caring human being. Tyagi is an easy
prof, but he still manages to make you learn the
material. Best Prof for 312 or 221 hands down.
CSCE221 Dec 4th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Textbook: No
Tyagi is a great guy, who wants to give good grades,
but I have learned literally nothing in his class and his
exams are a mystery. The practice questions he gives
have nothing to do with the exam material. If you want
to learn something for the most important CSCE class,
take someone else. Please.
CSCE314 May 29th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: No
Dr. Tyagi is one of the best professor I've ever taken a
class with, but the class itself was very hard for me. If
you want to do good in this class, attend Weekly
Review Sessions by Dr. Tyagi, as they help you with
the exams and general understanding of what's going
on in the course. Sunday review sessions with Peer
teachers can also be helpful.
CSCE312 Apr 22nd, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
One of the best profs I've ever had. Class was not
difficult and he is an amazing guy.
CSCE312 Apr 15th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Dr. Tyagi is one of the best professors I've ever had.
He clearly cares about the topic & student success.
The class isn't particularly hard or easy, but it
Aakash Tyagi shouldn't be difficult to get an A if you show up toRate
CSCE312 Apr 9th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
I haven't seen a more caring professor than Dr. Tyagi
till now. He really cares about his students. He also
hosts a review session every week outside of the class
time. I hope he teaches more upper level classes.
CSCE312 Mar 24th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: No
The kindest, most caring professor I've ever had the
pleasure of taking. He gives you lots of resources to
use and is more than happy to work with you outside
of class. He really wants you to understand the
material. I cannot stress how much he cares for his
students. Take him, take him, take him!
CSCE312 Feb 13th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce Dr. Tyagi is a great professor, he strives to make his
way. He is willing to help and answer questions.
Overall, wonderful professor.
CSCE313 Feb 10th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Incomplete
The TAs are useless. For 3 weeks, we have been doing
nothing in the labs. They did not go over how to use
the software or the projects or anything useful. We sit
in silence until the last 5-10 mins then they'll talk a bit
and lab's over. There are 8 exams (WAY too often)
graded harshly. You can know the material and not
pass bc its out of 20-30 pt.
CSCE312 Feb 2nd, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is the best professor I've ever had! He cares
deeply about his students and knows the material
inside and out. I really hope he teaches other upper
level classes so I can take him again!
Aakash Tyagi CSCE221 Jan 29thR,a 2te019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
An amazing professor. Explains concepts really well
and is easily approachable during office hours. Just
put in a decent amount of work and you should get an
A, or at least be satisfied with the experience.
CSCE221 Dec 4th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
BEST PROFESSOR EVER. Really helpful outside of
class and explains topics well. Clear and fair grading
and overall great professor
CSCE221 Nov 30th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
After taking class with him, I'm convinced Tyagi is
nothing short of an Indian version of Jesus Christ. He
will go out of your way to help you with whatever you
need, and that includes things like life advice as well,
not just course material. If he's teaching, take his
class, I guarantee that you'll enjoy every minute.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 Nov 27th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is awesome! Really cares about his students
and makes us better members of society. I hope to
take him again in the future
CSCE221 Nov 7th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B- Textbook: No
Tyagi is the best professor I've ever had. He truly cares
if his students know the material. He goes out of his
way to make himself available to students. He knows
how to teach and teaches whats going to be on the
test. If material isn't in the lecture than it won't be on
the test.
CSCE313 Oct 26th, 2018
Professor Tyagi is the best professor I've had. He
cares so much about learning and has incredible
industry experience. He knows exactly how to
communicate complex topics well. The class is
difficult, don't get me wrong, but the way he teaches it
allows any student to work hard and receive an A.
CSCE312 Oct 4th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is the best professor I've ever had in my life.
He cares so much about his students and it really is
special to have had him as a professor.
CSCE312 Aug 5th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Tyagi is awesom! He understands the material and is
super passionate about it! He makes you really excited
to learn every time you come to class. I hope to have
him again in the future!
CSCE312 May 17th, 2018
Aakash Tyagi For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: R A ate
This guy definitely cares about your understanding of
the material. He turned what was potentially a
difficult/not fun course into one of my favorite CSCE
courses so far. I would definitely recommend him for
any class he teaches.
CSCE312 May 8th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Tyagi is hands down the best professor I've had. His
class is really hard but if you work hard at it you will
succeed. He is extremely caring about his students
and will do his best to make sure they understand the
material.
CSCE312 May 7th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is awesome! He is such a great professor and
teaches really well! The class is very hard but it is a
well run class. I hope to have Dr. Tyagi in the future
CSCE312 May 4th, 2018
Dr. Tyagi is awesome! He has experience form working
at Intel, and connects class materials to how they
relate to in real industry. Extremely caring about
student's understanding of the material, genuinely a
great guy! The class itself is also very fascinating - you
get to see exactly where software meets hardware at
the lowest level!
CSCE312 May 1st, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Tyagi is amazing! His assignments are really tough
but in the end you learn a lot from them. He is
knowledgeable about the industry and led a division at
Intel so he not only understands the material from the
academic side, but also the business side. He is such
a nice man and is very helpful during office hours. He
is a great speaker too!
CSCE312 Apr 22nd, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
I had the honor of having Dr. Tyagi for CSCE 312. He is
inspirational, and cares about the students deeply. I
aspire to be like him some day. His assignments are
very challenging but they help understand the material.
CSCE313 Apr 19th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Dr Tyagi is the best professor I've ever had hands
down! He cares so much about the subject and his
students! I hope I get the honor of having him for a
future class some day!
CSCE312 Apr 7th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
I had Dr. Tyagi for CSCE312 for Fall 2017 and he has
to be my favorite professor here at A&M so far. He
cares a lot about his students and makes sure we
learn the material on a fundamental level. He has a ton
of industry experience and even worked at Intel on a
chip. He understands the material well and can convey
it likewise. I respect him greatly
CSCE312 Feb 26th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
This man is by far the best professor you will likely
ever have. He sincerely cares about you learning and if
you visit him in office hours there is no reason why you
can't make an A. There is a lot of work involved in the
course but I recommend him over any other professor.
It doesn't matter what times lectures or labs are you
will not regret it.
CSCE313 Feb 15th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Dr. Tyagi was the best professor I could've taken for
CSCE 313. He was like a father to me, and helped my
peers and I not only learn the fundamentals of
computing, but to become better members of society.
He is a great person and professor and I hope to take
him again for a future course.
CSCE312 Jan 30th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
I had Dr. Tyagi last semester for CSCE 312 and he is
hands down the best professor I've ever had. His class
is quite difficult but it is very rewarding. He explains
concepts very clearly and is very articulate in the way
he explains it. He also worked in the industry before
becoming a professor so he understands how
computing works in the industry.
CSCE312 Jan 22nd, 2018
Dr. Tyagi is so clear and explains things very well. He
has a huge amount of industry experience at Intel
making him one of the best professors for a hardware
class. He is so nice too!
CSCE312 Dec 15th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Lectures were crystal clear, and his priority was to
make sure we understood the material. He also gave
us a very reasonable amount of homework,
understanding that we were on a compressed time
schedule in the summer. Stayed after class to help,
and is overall a kind person. It was a privilege to take
him. One of the best profs I've ever had.
CSCE313 Jun 22nd, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: No
He is such a nice guy! This class was relatively difficult
and I feel like I did not really learn anything in class. He
is very helpful outside of class.
CSCE313 Dec 19th, 2014
job teaching. Would go out of my way to take classes
taught by him. The projects were very challenging but
supposedly that's getting revised for future semesters.
No accent to worry about.
Help Site Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Compliance Policy CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information