CSCE222 May 5th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is a great prof! She's very sweet and explains
concepts well if you ask questions. She can move fast,
but she's happy to slow down and help. Quizzes and
exercises are similar to exams and covered in class.
Since exams are all MCQ and pull from hw and class
material, it isn't hard to do well in the class. She also
gives out extra credit.
CSCE222 May 3rd, 2026
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce This professor will make you grow gray hairs. I promise
She will ramble for 20 minutes explaining something
that has nothing to do or simply overcomplicating
subjects that a 10 minute youtube lecture will suffice
with. She is the worst when it comes to excused
absences. Dont skip a lecture.
Reviewed: May 7th,
CSCE222 Apr 30th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Lots of reviews say her lectures are hard to
understand, but her accent isn't that thick and she
doesn't speak too fast. She goes pretty well into depth
on most topics but sometimes speeds past certain
things. The homeworks are a little tedious, but not
exactly hard, and she gives lots of extra credit for
exams.
CSCE222 Apr 28th, 2026
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
The professor cannot teach. She reads math off of
slides; I mean who does that? There are regular
practice quizzes, and the homework is typed in latex
and is graded quickly, but no feedback is provided.
The class is easy if you are willing to learn on your
own. The videos and slides are useless as she copies
the textbook; reading the book is better
CSCE222 Apr 21st, 2026
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Heavy accent.Lectures are copied from the textbook
and often boring. Class material doesn't really help
with exams. Homework helps a bit, but there's little
practice overall. Attendance not mandatory, but
quizzes/exercises mean you still need to go. Wouldn't
recommend, course feels unnecessarily hard
CSCE222 Apr 21st, 2026
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Lectures feel not very useful and she has a heavy
accent. There isn't enough practice material to prepare
for exams. Exams are often long, averaging about 2
minutes per mcq, and most require deep
understanding of the topic. Sometimes extra credit is
offered after exams. Attendance is mandatory due to
in-class quizzes and exercises.
CSCE222 Mar 31st, 2026
Super slow speaker, normally goes off topic during
lecture, and her slides are 1:1 copies of the textbook
material. Homework is not too bad but usually harder
for no reason compared to the exam. Her accent is
quite hard to deal with at times. Her mandatory
attendance makes you suffer because its gibberish the
entire time. Would not recommend.
CSCE314 Jan 15th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
Should be fine if you thoroughly go through the slides
and quizzes. Do NOT wait until exams to catch up on
material.
CSCE222 Jan 5th, 2026
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Dr. Lee's lectures were not very helpful and I found
myself zoning out a lot. Her accent is hard to
understand sometimes and she also goes into depth
about topics that are barely on her exams during
lectures. Exams are worth a lot and are similar to
quizzes/hw so I recommend going over those before
each exam and the textbook isn't helpful at all.
CSCE314 Dec 23rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: N/A
Decent lecturer. All assignments were online and due
by the end of the day. Pay attention to grading
requirements as they are strict with those. The final
exam was brutal. Had more questions than the
midterm with the same amount of time. Show up, pay
attention, and it will be fine.
CSCE222 Dec 16th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is a great professor; she's very caring and
responsive, and gives lots of extra credit (curves test
average to passing + simple worksheets in class).
What's in her lectures is exactly what's on the test, so
no surprises. If you read the textbook, and understand
the HW problems+slide examples youll do well in
class.
CSCE314 Dec 11th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
She does have an accent but it is quite intelligible
(unlike prof Leyk) She is one of the most caring profs,
Hyunyoung Lee I've taken at TAMU so far. She really wants you toRate
decent amount of hw-not an insane amt
CSCE222 Dec 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Shes hard to understand during her lectures and her
accent takes time to get used to but if you actively pay
attention to lectures the class is definitely doable.
Going to office hours is also very important in this
class and the professor is very accessible, even
through email. She gives a lot of extra credit so go to
her lectures.
CSCE222 Dec 4th, 2025
She attempts to help students but comes off
condescending and rude when they genuinely try to
participate and engage but make mistakes. It is
difficult to dislike her because she seems very
wholesome at times, but she is unreasonably harsh as
well. She did offer a lot of extra credit as a grade boost
near the end as Exam 2 was difficult.
CSCE222 Oct 1st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
For many students, Dr. Lee provides their first
exposure to discrete math and the mathematical
reasoning needed for college-level computer science.
I'm assuming most of the poor reviews are by students
who struggled and, instead of going to her TA's
amazing office hours or emailing this hard-working,
highly available professor, chose to blame her.
CSCE222 May 12th, 2025
If their was a top 10 worst teachers, she would be #1-
10 and a honorable mention. The only fun thing about
this class is recognizing how poor of a teacher she is
for an interesting class. If you see any rating above a
1, I promise you it's wrong. And B and and A is
definitely manageable, but not worth the work, take a
different teacher.
CSCE314 May 12th, 2025
Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Took online async. Lecture videos were reading off
PPT though some were useful. Homework was doable
but often times annoying, vague, and involved a ton of
writing, which made it unnecessarily tedious. Test
aren't bad, just make sure you're on top of things and
study the PPT and quizzes/exercises. Not the best but
not terrible.
CSCE222 May 10th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Does homework help in her office hours. Notation of
Greek letters in particular is not tested on exam, just
focus on practicing with real numbers. She does not
communicate equivalence classes clearly: Equivalence
Classes: start with remainder, add/subtract
congruence modulo Ex: congruence modulo 6,
remainder 3: [3] = {...,-9,-3, 3, 9, 15,...}
CSCE222 May 3rd, 2025
Grade: B Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
In test 1/2 i was in my 60s, final was about 84, ended
Hyunyoung Lee up with a B. She just sends a text book and saysRate
“have fun!”. I hated that she posts a module on
Monday and wants me to do the quiz by Wednesday. I
just don't have time in the first part of the week! This is
a math and theory heavy class, avoid her if you can.
This class took 90% of my time.
CSCE222 May 1st, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
This class was just painful to do. Prof is non existent
so u have to read the textbook but at the end of the
day the textbook at times is just gibberish. There are 3
tests and u basically have 1-2 quizzes each week
which are somewhat like the test but not exactly. The
only good part about this class is that its completely
online
CSCE222 May 1st, 2025
Just avoid this prof. She doesn't even know how to
solve her own quiz problems. My friend and I went to
office hours once and she just blankly stared at the
problem and told us that she would email us an
explanation..... definitely possible to do well in this
class however as a prof shes basically nonexistent in
the class
CSCE222 May 1st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
I can't believe I picked khanh nguyen thinking he'll be
better than Lee for 314. She doesn't provide much
explaination for the slides in lecture vids, and hws are
a bit tedious but the material itself are not that hard;
slides and hws reflect exams. Not the easiest class in
the world but defintely not hard. She's an angel
comapred to nguyen
CSCE314 Dec 26th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Lectures were pretty slow but she's really happy to
teach and gives good feedback. A midterm and final
are each 25% of the grade and are pretty tough, but
they each have reviews and are really similar to the
weekly quizzes so they're doable. Other than the
exams, the class is not hard.
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2024
Grade: A Online Class: Yes
Its a hard course paired with a subpar learning
experience. Your best bet is to know the mastery
quizzes, because that's what will show up on the test.
Failed the 1st exam, passed the 2nd, aced the final
with a 96 (SUIIIIIII). There's some extra credit and she
curved the grades at the end because I ended with an
88 calculated but got an A in Howdy.
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Her practice exercise videos are very helpful, but there
isn't one for every topic, so expect a good amount of
self-studying. The homework is not easy but helps
quite a bit in preparing for tests. Free extra credit at
the beginning of the semester + more on homework
and tests can easily bring final grade up a few points.
CSCE222 Dec 11th, 2024
If you put in the effort, you can easily get an A in the
course and learn many valuable skills. If you enjoy
math, you will have a blast with the homework
problems. This class is very useful if you are pursuing
math minor. The exams don't throw trick questions
and are easy to study for. She was always willing to
help and responded almost 24/7.
CSCE314 Nov 10th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Her 314 is a lot better than her 222. Online class,
pretty okay difficulty
CSCE222 Oct 18th, 2024
Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
know if Professor Lee bribed students, but she is one
of the worst professors I have ever had. I literally spent
80% of my study time only in 222 because of her. She
was unhelpful and uninterested in how students are
doing in her class. This course made me want to pull
out my hair.
CSCE314 May 15th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
All online class and she posts all lecture slides +
videos over slides (pretty much just reads slides in
videos). Homework + quiz every week + coding
assignment every other week but most assignments
werent hard. She made the final really hard but other
than that, nothing that bad. Just a lot of work but she
gives good feedback and helps a lot.
CSCE314 May 10th, 2024
Grade: B Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
Genuinely one of the worst professors that I have ever
had. Her online lectures were some of the most
uninteresting and boring videos that I have ever
watched. Also provides little to no relevant content to
help prepare for exams. Also commonly uses "Have
fun!" at the end of nearly every single assignment/thing
that she posts which is infuriating.
CSCE314 May 8th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
She takes the time to give really good feedback and
help you if you need help. The class was online and
she sets it up so it's very easy to keep track of
everything you need to do, but it is a very time
consuming course. She is a good professor, but the
course should not be taught online in general which is
why most people struggle with her.
CSCE222 Dec 30th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
222 was a pretty difficult class for me but Dr.Lee made
it a lot easier for me. She provides so much extra
credit throughout the course and is very easy to reach
outside of class. There are a lot of quizzes that can be
difficult but reading the textbook will prepare you for
them. I would definitely recommend her for this difficult
class!
CSCE222 Dec 19th, 2023
Very math and comp sci theory heavy class, no actual
coding. Class forces you to understand material rather
than memorize. Uses LaTeX for homework which is
annoying at first but easy to get used to. Textbook isn't
always clear but her lecture videos explain the most
important details to know. A lot of extra credit. Not a
bad professor overall.
CSCE222 Dec 11th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
She's very nice, but, like with every professor that
writes the textbook, she assumes you understand
things sometimes. The tests are straight out of the
practice quizzes which are straight out of the textbook.
There were 6.4 points of extra credit on the overall
grade, but take that with a grain of salt. Will be taking
her again for 314.
CSCE222 Dec 8th, 2023
Although I got an A, she is not a good professor; she is
difficult to follow and some exam questions aren't
exactly fair. However, the TAs (most, AVOID THE BAD
TAs) can help with homework and concepts, so go to
PTC and office hours. In the end, though, she's lowkey
an easy professor; her exams mostly reflect the
quizzes.
CSCE222 Dec 6th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Very generous with extra credit, responds promptly if
you reach out to her outside of class. The lecture
videos are pretty difficult to follow; however, she
frequently posts problem solving videos which clear up
a lot of confusion. HW is somewhat tedious, but the
questions tend to be harder than exams, so if you do it
you'll be more than ready.
CSCE222 Dec 5th, 2023
HW assignments usually worth more than 100 points.
She gives free 40 bonus points to the homework
category in the beginning of the year + test curves +
extra credit (+25 points to exam category. EXAM
category. Super generous) + quizzes not proctored. If
you do good on first two exams, you can fail the final
and still get A. Fun logic/puzzles class.
CSCE222 Nov 21st, 2023
Grade: C- Textbook: Yes
Take anybody but her. By far the worse professor.
Terrible slides, terrible videos, terrible everything. I
should've taken a different professor. She makes me
want to end myself. I'd have rather taken this class my
last semester of my senior year with a diff prof if it
meant avoiding Hyunyoung Lee.
CSCE222 Nov 12th, 2023
Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
Do you hate yourself? Do you want to mentally torture
yourself? Then you got your solution right here! If you
love 3-4 year recycled videos that basically reads off
the slides, love slides that barely give you any
important information, or love professor who refuses to
teach and makes passive income from students, take
this professor now!
CSCE222 Nov 3rd, 2023
Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
There is a reason why Lee CONSISTENTLY HAS THE
MOST STUDENTS Q-DROP (check the registrar grade
distribution if you don't believe me; note-she only
teaches in the fall). Kimberly Brehm and TrevTutor are
what help me struggle through 222. Not her.
CSCE222 Oct 31st, 2023
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Professor Lee is very smart and clearly knows discrete
math. Does that make her a good professor? No. She
re-uses 4 year old (horrible) videos, and expects you to
play a scavenger hunt through her textbook to find the
actual info you need. I enjoy doing the homework in
Latex, I only hate the way she teaches. Id rather my
tuition go to TrevTutor.
CSCE222 Oct 18th, 2023
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
Please don't make the mistake of taking her class
you'll regret it
CSCE222 Oct 14th, 2023
Exams include content that you've probably never
seen before. Lots of reading her textbook, which only
sometimes makes sense; same with her videos. The
TAs will save you. The homework is written using
LaTeX, which has very nice formatting. But overall, she
makes this class a lot harder than it needs to be,
especially compared to the other profs.
CSCE314 May 20th, 2023
Grade: B Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
CSCE 314 is my second class with Dr. Lee. I took
CSCE 222 with her last semester and I must say I
enjoyed my experience with her in 222 more than 314.
The quizzes in 314 were insanely difficult and got
harder by the week. The midterm and final were a
huge chunk of the grade (50%). However, she is a
super sweet person and stays up till 2 am to help
CSCE314 Apr 2 C 7t o h m , 2 p 0 a 2 re 3
Grade: Drop/Withdrawal Textbook: Yes
Lectures make no sense. Quizzes and exams are
extremely hard. The icing on the cake is that she will
assume you are cheating and honor code you before
hearing you out. She is by far the worst professor in
the entire university. Please take Lupoli for this class
and avoid her at all costs. You will save your sanity
that way.
CSCE314 Apr 27th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
My experience with Dr. Lee has mixed feelings. On the
good portion, Dr. Lee is highly reachable. She has
responded all of my emails and discussion posts in
less than 24 hours. She is also really clear with
expectations for class. But, Dr. Lee's lectures are
confusing, and the textbooks are verbose. Take her if
you know how to self-study Well.
CSCE314 Apr 20th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
Honestly, I think Lee is a very fair prof. All the material
Hyunyoung Lee is literally in the slides, if you take the time to watRcahte
her videos and study you will do well in the class. She
also offers insane extra credit that bumped me to an A
in 22 as well.
CSCE222 Feb 13th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Grade: C Textbook: Yes
Literally the most difficult class and prof ever. She
makes you use a dumb software for hw (only prof i
heard that does this) and they take you like over a few
hours each. The material is really difficult to grasp, her
lecture videos/explanations are not helpful whatsoever
if you can find a better prof, do it. If you're stuck, just
keep pace/pray.
CSCE222 Jan 15th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Lee is super easy to reach out to for questions and her
office hours are great. Her context is naturally hard
since it's mostly math, but most of her quiz questions
come from her videos. Her test are usually similar to
the quizzes. She also gives out a ton of extra credit. As
long as you watch the videos this class shouldn't be
that hard to pass.
CSCE222 Dec 20th, 2022
Hyunyoung Lee Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Ye R s ate
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
Professor Lee uses a textbook she wrote with another
professor, and pretty much just reads straight from the
slides in the lecture videos. She seems really nice and
gave a ton of extra credit, but the class seemed much
harder than it needed to be. It was hard to get a good
grasp on the material.
CSCE222 Dec 16th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Asynchronous class - just watch her videos and take
the quizzes. Lecture vids were pretty good, idk what
everyone else is complaining abt. Just watch her vids
and take notes and you'll be set for quizzes. Exams
were just quiz questions so there's no reason to do
bad on them. She's so much easier compared to the
other CSCE222 profs.
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2022
Grade: A Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
Dr. Lee taught this class about as well as one could
expect given that it is an asynchronous class. Just get
ready to read the textbook (a lot) and be ready to learn
a lot on your own, but getting an A is definitely doable
for this course!
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2022
Grade: A Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
For the actual understanding of material, I didn't get
anything out of her lectures. There's an easier way to
explain everything she teaches. However, she gives a
lot of opportunities for bonus points/extra credit, and
the exams are very similar to the quizzes. So, getting a
good letter grade is definitely achievable. She's also
very accessible.
CSCE222 Dec 9th, 2022
Grade: C- Textbook: Yes Online Class: Yes
Made this class way harder than it needs to be. uses a
complicated textbook that she wrote herself. wiling to
helpout with grades like dropping test scores but then
doesnt help when you are as lost in the course as i am
CSCE222 Nov 3rd, 2022
Grade: Rather not say Textbook: Yes
Worst prof I've ever had. Literally would self teach
concepts on my own using youtube and khan
academy. AVOID THIS PROF. I am not even a bad
Hyunyoung Lee student and this is the first class I genuinely strugRgalteed
more about her but only 350 character limit.
CSCE222 Nov 2nd, 2022
Would Take Again: No Textbook: No
Absolutely atrocious. Imagine getting paid for your
students to teach themselves. Honestly a disgrace.
Never take this prof. All she does is read the slides,
doesnt explain, tests are a lot in a short amount of
time. Legit the worst prof. Horrid. Should not be a prof
here.
CSCE222 Oct 7th, 2022
Just don't bother taking this course with Prof Lee, not
worth at all. Taking it right now and I'm probably going
to get a B which is fine, but knowing how easy the
other professors make this class, there's no reason to
take this class with her. I can't judge her personality
and Prof Lee as a person, but as an instructor she is
absolutely awful.
CSCE222 Aug 29th, 2022
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Horrible professor. Was not accessible at all, and
made rude comments towards anyone asking
questions in class. She made a student cry and her
response was "Why are you crying you're here to learn
not cry" Her exams include random unimportant facts
surrounding the topic. On the final 1/5 of the exam was
based on one of these fun facts. DO NOT TAKE
CSCE314 May 17th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Class is tough because we are learning new topics but
quizzes are very similar to exercises and exams very
similar to powerpoints. Beware that exams are 25ish
questions, so you can only miss a few before your
grade drops. Homeworks can be tough but are
relatively straight-forward, and she typically stays up
for a very long time responding to emails
CSCE314 May 13th, 2022
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Taking this professor was genuinely the biggest
mistake of my college life. She made things
unreasonably difficult for no reason. This class was not
meant to be taught in the way she taught it. I would
consider myself a very good student, so I know that I
studied and tried hard, and I think this class may be
my first C. Avoid.
CSCE314 May 11th, 2022
Grade: C Textbook: Yes
Lee is legit the worst CS prof I've ever had (yes, worse
than Ritchey). She made this "easy" class unbelievably
hard by asking questions on quizzes and exams that
you would normally have to solve with a compiler.
Class is way harder than it should be. She also has
zero leniency and is overall a spiteful person. AVOID.
AVOID. AVOID.
May 5th, 2022
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
necessary as she provides a lot of busy work and
makes extremely hard tests. She is very poor at
lecturing as she consistently rambles and never says
anything of substance. She acts nice but she is
ruthless and if you mess up, she will not provide any
sort of cushion or help. Avoid at all costs.
CSCE314 May 5th, 2022
Attendance: Not Mandatory Grade: B
The class material is not difficult, but Dr. Lee has not
covered enough relevant material during lecture, and
elaborates too much on simple concepts. Do not
expect any opportunities if you mess up anything as
she will simply tell you to "refer to the syllabus" and
give zeros. Avoid taking her class at all costs!
CSCE314 May 2nd, 2022
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
I think Dr. Lee is a bad prof, this should be a class
where students and introduced the basics of
programming languages and is not done very well.
Chalk it up to poor students; but, you can't leave the
fault off of her for having a class GPA well below ,
some, if not all, of the credit has to go to how bad this
class is taught and graded. AVOID!
Hyunyoung Lee TOUGH GRADER LECTURE HEAVY TEST HEAVRYate
CSCE314 Apr 24th, 2022
Grade: Drop/Withdrawal Textbook: Yes
Learned nothing during lectures. Exams are incredibly
difficult. Makes the class way too difficult. Don't take
this professor.
CSCE314 Apr 17th, 2022
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C Textbook: Yes
She tries to act really friendly and fun in the class but
acts completely different outside of class. When you
approach her with a problem(regarding grades and
stuff), she tends to deviate from it and just doesn't
help. Instead, she'd just say: "Learn from your
mistakes". If you want a normal semester, I'd
recommend not taking her at all.
CSCE314 Apr 17th, 2022
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Dr. Lee takes the term "awful prof" to a whole new
level. Her HW prompts are some of the vaguest thing
I've ever seen. 3 exams are worth 60% of your grade
and they all have 24-28 MCQ questions (If you miss 3
or more, well you'll get a B on that exam). Exam
averages are consistently D+/C- and no class curve
CSCE314 Mar 22nd, 2022
Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is not necessarily a mean person, but she is
way too harsh for a sophomore level elective class.
Haskell homeworks are very time consuming and in-
class quizzes are difficult (closed note, closed
everything). The people saying she's good are putting
in a lot more effort than this course should require. Do
not take if at all possible.
CSCE222 Feb 2nd, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Those rating Lee as a bad professor are just mad
cause they didn't do what they were supposed to and
paid the price in their grade for it. One of the most
accessible (via multiple channels of communication),
helpful, and caring professors I have ever had. She
goes fast and expects you to study hard, but
everything you need to succeed is provided.
Hyunyoung Lee CSCE222 Dec 22ndR,a 2te021
Would Take Again: No Grade: C Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee made 222 harder than it should've been. Her
lecture slides don't contain enough information and
she tends to not go into depth into concepts. Also
doesn't provide alot of examples. She assigns one
homework and quiz a week. The homework is done in
Latex which takes up even more time. Also don't have
enough time on exams usually either.
CSCE222 Dec 21st, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: Rather not say
Shes a super nice lady but not a good teacher and
makes the class so much harder than it needs to be.
CSCE222 Dec 13th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Professor Lee is the toughest professor I have ever
taken. She does a terrible job of explaining concepts in
a way that will make sense to her audience, meaning
she uses terminology most students taking her class
will not understand. Everything is the students' fault,
never her own. Takes off points for everything. Avoid
this prof at all costs.
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2021
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is sweet person, but she is a very tough
professor. Please take someone else if possible.
CSCE222 Nov 11th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Dr. Lee is one of the most caring professors I've had.
So far I've had her extend the available time for a quiz
by 24 hours and the submission time for a homework
by 12 hours within hours of me emailing her when I
just didn't have enough time. Homeworks aren't awful
as long as you are aware of the extra time you'll need
to format. Exams are MC.
CSCE222 Oct 28th, 2021
Dr. Lee makes me question what it takes to be a dr.
How does someone write a textbook and the slides
and fail to elaborate on any of the material?
Consistently has the lowest student averages of any
prof teaching this class, and after week 3, you
understand why. Curves are weak and sympathy is
nonexistent. Avoid at all costs, teach yourself first.
CSCE222 Oct 26th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Dr. Lee is very sweet, however her lectures are very
confusing she rarely explains anything fully and things
students can just understand by doing one VERY
simple example. The homework's are not super hard,
however when it comes times for the quizzes and
tests, there is very little supplementary material to
practice with. Save your time.
CSCE222 Oct 18th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B+ Textbook: No
Dr. Lee is nice, but she's an awful prof. She's really
bad at explaining things and can't make a PowerPoint
to save her life so lectures are basically pointless. She
Hyunyoung Lee lacks self-awareness to an astonishing degree. ORuarte
person like that'll help us.
CSCE222 Oct 12th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Lee is the worst professor you can have for this class.
Not only, does everyone fail her quizzes and tests, she
does not think to herself why everyone is doing so
bad. The lectures and textbook, that she makes, are
useless. Her only strength is that she can explain
things in the most confusing way possible, that's why
everyone is lost in lectures.
CSCE314 Jun 8th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: A Textbook: No
Prof. Lee is extremely nice and her lectures are okay.
The hws are fairly easy to complete along with her
exercises. The quizzes sometimes ask really specific
things from the lecture slides, so be sure to memorize
everything from the slides. The tests are exactly like
the quizzes and exercises, so if you study the quizzes
you should do fine.
CSCE314 May 5th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
Dr. Lee is an amazing prof. Her quizzes and exaCmoms paarere
really fair. Her homeworks and exercises added to my
learning. She's really sweet and she emails back really
fast. Definitely take her if you can.
CSCE314 May 2nd, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is a very nice professor, but she does not do
well with explaining the material. She posts some
lecture videos, but they are short and not very helpful.
For tests and quizzes she asks questions that require a
very deep understanding of the material, which she
doesn't prepare students for. Reading the book for the
Haskell portion helps a lot
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. TEST HEAVY
CSCE314 Apr 27th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Dr Lee is nice but CSCE314 is a tough class and often
you will be teaching yourself concepts because the
lectures do not adequately cover the material. The
homeworks are fairly easy but the tests are very hard.
The first part of the course is learning Haskell and is
the worst part. The Java portion is much easier to
understand.
CSCE314 Apr 16th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Dr. Lee is a nice person but a terrible teacher. She
expects her students to figure out complex theoretical
computer science from just one simple example she
poorly explains. She thinks we are all PhDs in csce
and her exams are too difficult given the time she
allows. Nobody in her 314 class this semester is going
to pass. She expects too much.
CSCE314 Apr 4th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Mrs. Lee is easily one of the most confusing teacher's
I've ever had at TAMU. It's not necessarily that she's a
bad person, she just can't convey concepts very well
to students. Most of what I learned I had to do on my
own after realizing half her examples make absolutely
no sense without context. So much extra credit though
CSCE222 Dec 9th, 2020
Awful. Terrible. Bad in every way. There is no "curves
galore" like one of the other reviews said. So do not
think even for a second you will get a curve. Tests are
way too hard and average is probably a 50 or a 60 im
guessing. Do not take. Again, do NOT take. One more
time, DO NOT take.
LOTS OF HOMEWORK SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Nov 28th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: C+ Textbook: Yes
She is a caring professor and is extremely passionate
about the subject. However, she is the most difficult
222 professor at A&M. Her test averages were
anywhere from 10%-20% below the other professors
and she rarely curves. Before exams she never gives
out reviews, prior exams, or homework answers for
studying. If you care about GPA I'd avoid her.
CSCE314 May 13th, 2020
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Dr. Lee is one of the most caring profs I've
encountered. She will consistently bend over
backwards to help students (she was getting 4 hours
of sleep a night last semester because of all the
accomodations she made to us during the COVID
Hyunyoung Lee online semester). Gives great lectures and givesRate
CSCE314 May 11th, 2020
Attendance: Mandatory Would Take Again: No
Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Lee is a fair prof, cares about her students, and loves
to answer questions. Although a bit slow during
lecture, her daily (paper) quizzes/exercises help
understand the material. She also responds to emails
quickly and answers diligently. Her homework
instructions are clear and a balanced time
commitment. However, the 2 exams are worth 30%
each.
CSCE222 Dec 11th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
You hear a lot of reviews about professors who
"genuinely care" about their students, but with Dr. Lee
you can really feel that. In all honesty, 222 is not a fun
class. It gets confusing and difficult and sometimes
makes no sense, but Dr. Lee is an unbelievable
teacher and really makes her class enjoyable. I would
highly recommend her.
LOTS OF HOMEWORK SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Nov 21st, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Dr. Lee's lack of english communication skills started
to interfere with learning in lecture. She doesn't know
how to convey the heavy logic grammar this class
requires in order to be successful. Save yourself and
take a prof who can speak english. Weekly quizzes
over stuff barely learned, daily worksheets to prevent u
from skipping. Tests not bad
CSCE314 May 29th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
314 is a very difficult class: lots of homework, reading,
and only 2 exams worth 30% each. Dr. Lee is a great
professor, and you would really learn what she's
teaching, but it's so hard. The 1st half of the class is
Haskell, the 2nd half is Java. By the time the final
comes, you are overwhelmed with Java and forget
Haskell. That kills on the final.
CSCE222 Jan 16th, 2019
HOMEWORKS, QUIZZES, AND EXERCISES! If you do
them properly, this class will be manageable.
Questions in the exam come directly from the lectures,
exercises, quizzes and past exams. Final is 60 percent
from EXAM 1 and 2. Take her but you need to work for
the grade. DONT MISS ANY HWS. Also, you have to
use latex for hw.
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
From what I hear with students with other professors,
222 is a tough class whichever way you put it with any
prof. You can try and take the easier way out with
someone else but if you take it with Lee you will learn
the stuff, and you will achieve the grade you want if
you put in the work.
CSCE222 Dec 12th, 2018
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
This class is difficult. Homework was hard and exams
were not congruent with quizzes and other class work.
She also can be hard to understand and rushes
through most lectures.
Would Take Again: No Grade: C+ Textbook: Yes
This class is very difficult and Prof Lee doesn't help.
The exams are very difficult and its impossible to get
partial credit. The homework is also pretty difficult. Her
lectures are very hard to understand so you have to
take the time to understand on your own. If you are
trying to get a good grade, this is not the prof.
CSCE222 Nov 30th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Lee is an interesting prof. She is really nice caring
about our learning but makes you work for it. Each
week she would assign homework that wasn't too long
(just be prepared to spend 4-6 hours a week on it).The
thing that makes her class difficult is her test, they are
too long. They are not too difficult but they are a time
crunch.
CSCE222 Nov 17th, 2018
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
Very caring and knowledgeable lady, but not the best
prof. She tends to go off on tangents a lot (she gave us
a 20 minute lecture on Korean dating life once), and
Hyunyoung Lee she's already kinda slow to cover the material asR ita itse,
her.
TOUGH GRADER SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Apr 5th, 2018
Would Take Again: No Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is an amazing person. She is helpful, kind,
insightful, and one of the smartest people you'll ever
meet. But her homework, lectures, and tests are
incongruent, and her lectures are not that great. She
skips steps in her explanation, and there are not
enough practice problems and examples to
understand what her expectations are on the test.
CSCE222 Aug 18th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
I really recommend taking Dr. Lee's class. She always
manages to brighten up the classroom with her
infectious happiness. She tries her best to teach her
students with a smile. She even brought us chocolates
for valentine's day :). Dr. Lee definitely gave us a lot of
homework but it really helped me w/ learning the
material. AND curves/ec galore!
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. INSPIRATIONAL
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
Hard to understand but doable. Highly recommend
taking Sze over her or any prof that can at least speak
english.
CSCE222 Jun 6th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
I kept looking at Dr. Lee's reviews thinking somebody
else would say it, and no one ever did. Dr. Lee is an
absolute inspiration. It's easy to go to lecture and get
bogged down into a subject, but Dr. Lee made the
class rejuvenating. The work load gets easier, she is
great when it comes to ex. credit, and she makes me
want to be a better CSCE major
CSCE222 May 25th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
She's a pretty good prof. She goes over everything
that's on the hw, gives a list of what's going to be on
the exams, and is plenty willing to work with her
students. I didn't super love her lectures, but she
posts slides and answer keys that are pretty helpful!
CSCE222 May 6th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Submit all the homework and any extra credit she
offer. I highly recommend doing the homework
progressively throughout the week to prevent
cramming the day before it is due. Go to class. She
can be very hard to understand at times because of
her accent and inability to understand that we can't
read novels off ppts and retain all the information.
TOUGH GRADER SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Apr 11th, 2017
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B
Do the homework. Exams are tough but its over her
lecture and class work so if you attend class and do
the in class work you will be okay. Shes very nice, and
sweet. Sometimes she will give extra credit or curve.
CSCE222 Jan 4th, 2017
To take her you need to copy all of the notes from the
powerpoints, sit in the front of the class. Actually do
the homework instead of chegging it. And as for the
test, the questions will come from the homework and
the powerpoints. Like directly.
CSCE222 Dec 1st, 2016
Would Take Again: No Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee cares about her students and want them to
learn. I found her hard to understand and did not get
very much out of her lectures. I watched a lot of
youtube videos and spent a lot of time in TA office
hours. She wants you to really understand the proofs
she goes over.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. LOTS OF HOMEWORK
CSCE314 Nov 17th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lee is one of my favorite professors for CSCE
courses. Her assignments are tough, but she is
probably the most helpful professor outside of class
that I've taken. I had her for 222 and made sure to get
her for 314 as well. I definitely recommend her.
CSCE222 Aug 17th, 2016
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No Grade: C
The class is pretty difficult. There are about 8
homeworks and you have to type it in latex. Also there
is a quiz almost every day. The tests, she expected
almost a masterly level of understanding. I feel the
material is not hard but the way she taught it was very
difficult to understand. She is a nice lady though. No
curve for the summer session.
CSCE222 Aug 3rd, 2016
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Lee is a decent professor, her accent is a little thick
but understandable. Her class is a very difficult one
and she moves fast so pay attention or you will be lost.
She assigns a lot of homework so make sure you start
it early. She doesn't like laziness so don't expect her to
cut you any slack, you definitely have to work for it.
CSCE222 Apr 27th, 2016
learn, she does have an accent but you can clear hear
her. The problem was the proofs, she would take the
whole 50 min class to deeply explain one proof and
when the tests and quizzes came around it would be
done a whole lot differently. Expect to be reading that
book if you want an A.
CSCE222 Oct 7th, 2015
For Credit: Yes Grade: B Textbook: No
Hard to follow her lectures, but Dr. Lee is really sweet
and wants her students to learn. With additional help
and reading outside of class, it's possible to make an
A or B.
Help Site Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Compliance Policy CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information