CSCE121 Nov 30th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Had him for an honors seminar. He's dismissive, an
unnecessarily harsh grader, and hides grade averages
on canvas throughout the semester.
CSCE606 May 14th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
All assignments are doable if you start asap, it's just
Philip Ritchey some basic reading + article/paper short summaRrya Ttehe
big thing is the class project. Start early and
communicate with team frequently. If you do that then
everything will be fine. If you don't want to learn
anything or just want an "easy A" class, then this prof
is not for you.
CSCE315 Mar 19th, 2025
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Lol just wow
CSCE606 Feb 17th, 2025
Grade: Rather not say Textbook: N/A
Read all of his reviews, look at the votes, and realize
this is the worst prof at A&M. Convoluted grading
criteria, condescending and mean-spirited, no real-
world experience, overly harsh grading and grade
drops, treats classes like they are worth 6+ credit hrs,
unreceptive to feedback, rudely addresses questions.
Run, and count your blessings.
CSCE606 Feb 6th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
For a graduate course, this one is excessively
Philip Ritchey micromanaging and monopolizing of your time. DRrate
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
Ritchey takes a shotgun approach to his curriculum.
Not only will you have a team project larger than any
other graduate course's project, you'll also have
hundreds of assignments, quizzes, readings, and
papers. This course should be 6 hours of credit.
CSCE331 Dec 13th, 2024
Grade: C+ Textbook: Yes
This is the worst professor I have ever taken. He drops
letter grades if you score below a 70% on 1% grading
categories that he does not even teach the material
for. I would take any other professor if you can. Not
receptive to feedback and gets angry at students who
ask how they can score better.
CSCE331 Dec 13th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
The WORST professor at TAMU. Has letter grade
drops for scoring
CSCE606 Oct 12th, 2024
A good professor but like someone else mentioned -
course is a bit poorly structured and been the same for
past few years. Apart from that he's cool and quite
experienced and is patient to answer students'
questions.
CSCE606 Oct 6th, 2024
Taking his class CSCE606 right now in Fall 2024. While
he is very knowledgeable and a good teacher, he's not
a good professor in my opinion. The course structure
is poorly designed, including the assignments and
group project. Don't take this course if you want lesser
workload or value your time and ROI.
CSCE606 Aug 11th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
If you want an easy A, don't take this guy. If you want
to be a good computer scientist, take this guy.
CSCE331 Jul 19th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Grade: A
Don't.
CSCE331 Jun 3rd, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
See other's comments for specifics. Let's just say, he
was my only option for this class this semester, and, in
retrospect, I should have taken this class next
semester. This would have required many prerequisite
overrides, meetings, and a massive headache, but it
would have been worth it to avoid this professor. Run
away and don't look back.
CSCE331 May 25th, 2024
I recommend not taking a class for the semester if he
is the only professor. He would change rubrics before
an assignment was due without warning. He would
drop you a letter grade if you fail any grading
segments which was used to enforce tedious 1%
assignments. And on the final project, meets
expectations was worth a C. And more but word limit.
CSCE331 May 23rd, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: D
He is the only professor who's able to get 30 bad
reviews from a single class, that shows how bad he is
CSCE331 May 23rd, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
The professor does not care about students' well-
being. He piles on a ridiculous amount of work and his
grading is brutal. He expects perfection and offers no
support. This class will drain you completely. Do
yourself a favor and avoid it.
CSCE331 May 23rd, 2024
This class was an absolute nightmare. The professor's
grading system is completely arbitrary, and he seems
to enjoy making students' lives miserable. The
workload is insane and he shows no empathy towards
students' struggles. Stay away from this course.
CSCE331 May 23rd, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: D
The professor expects you to dedicate your entire life
to his class. There is an overwhelming amount of
homework and the grading criteria are extremely
unclear. It feels like no matter how hard you work, it's
never enough. Avoid if possible.
CSCE331 May 22nd, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Part of me believes he cares about his students, but
the way he expresses that care is genuinely appalling.
He will give you expectations that you will not be
prepared to meet, give some strong encouragement,
then will harshly penalize you when you ultimately fail.
His approach to grading is way too scorch-earth for
his words to mean anything.
CSCE606 May 20th, 2024
Grade: B Textbook: Yes
The CSCE606 took me a significant amount of time. 3
extra group meetings are required each week in
addition to the classes. In the end, after you have
invested a lot of effort, you still get a poor grade. Their
grading criteria are such a mess, you have tons of
homework and project grading and you will have no
idea how your grade is calculated.
CSCE331 May 14th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
I've never hated a class or professor until I
experienced Ritchey. The grading scale is the most
absurd thing I've ever seen. I also want to point out
that your other classes and your personal life don't
exist to him. If you're not working on his class from
dusk to dawn then expect to fail. DO EVERYTHING IN
YOUR POWER TO AVOID HIM!!
CSCE315 May 14th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
criteria. Often used vague grading criteria. Often
changed grading criteria well into assignment
execution. Seeks to teach every class in CS. Class
was not well constructed nor well tested. Won't budge
on obviously correct answers marked wrong.
CSCE331 May 13th, 2024
The worst Professor I have ever taken. Way too much
homework, and he doesn't really teach it's more like
figure it out yourself. Most confusing and unforgiving
grading scheme I have ever seen. You can survive but
it is not worth the time, I would recommend any other
professor if possible. Also he writes fake RMP reviews
since his average is so low.
CSCE331 May 13th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
I think the professor wanting to prepares for the future
is good of him until he uses letter grade reduction and
makes it everyday challenging to take his course. I
think there is a median of being fair and tough on his
students but he is just not on it. Prepare to be worked
day in and out without getting paid.
CSCE331 May 12th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
A big part of the class later on is about user-centered
design. I wish he would apply this to his own course
and have any shred of compassion for his students. If I
were to grade his course, I would give it a 3/5 in terms
of fairness, workload balance, structure, and
communication. However, this is four letter deductions
so he would earn an F.
CSCE331 May 11th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
The professor shows no ownership to complaints of
unfairness in his course. In fact, he rather belittle you
that you have "no critical thinking skills" or he
"shouldn't need to hand hold you through everything".
Very unprofessional
CSCE331 May 11th, 2024
The worst class I've ever seen. Professor believes
grades don't matter and arbitrarily add requirements or
have subjective requirements that he is unwilling to
ever give full points. There's little quality or effort made
on professor side. He also stopped responding to any
form of contact other than in person and expects
absurd time commitment.
CSCE331 May 9th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Avoid at all costs
CSCE331 May 8th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Genuinely one of the worst professors I have ever
taken in my life. He acts as if students have no other
classes and thinks they should spend every waking
moment of their life in his class just to give them a bad
grade because it doesn't meet his standards which it
feels like he often makes on a whim. Avoid at all costs.
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: F
Avoid him at all costs! I spent more time in this course
alone than all other courses combined and still failed
the class. Dude is actually evil.
CSCE331 May 6th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Since his overall RMP rating is currently a 2.4/5, this
would mean he completed the semester in bad faith so
his rating should actually be a 0/5. Extremely
punishing grading requirements that suck the life out
of students. TA's are chill but he trains them to be his
little harsh grading minions. The dude needs
Ashwagandha or something.
CSCE331 May 6th, 2024
He trained his TA to be as sadistic as he is with
grading.
CSCE331 May 6th, 2024
Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
This professor have a very high expectation for
students, while doing the bare minimum. If Ritchey
have to take his own class, he won't be a professor.
Attendence is mandatory (no late attendence) but he
showed up late to class himself. Reading and reading
quizzes are mandatory, but he never read any of
materials himself. So on and so forth.
CSCE331 May 6th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
Where do I begin with this POS??? This class has an
abhorrent amount of busywork. Readings, documents,
written elements, etc. Every week. His grading criteria
is disgusting. He tells you the very basics of what he
wants, then grades you fully expecting you to just do
500% more than what he asks. He has a
condescending attitude reminscent of a 13 yo
CSCE331 May 2nd, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
This professor met all of my expectations. Since
meeting expectations is not excellence, he must not
receive a 5. But in his words "points don't matter" so
he wont mind reading this.
CSCE331 May 2nd, 2024
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: Rather not say
Twiddles his thumbs and teaches nothing while you
work on meaningless assignments during lectures.
Expects you to be proficient in every programming
language, including COBOL one time. Expects your
quality of work to be at the level of an experienced
software engineer, otherwise, you get enormous points
off. I'd delay graduation than take Ritchey.
CSCE331 May 1st, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: F
Avoid him at all costs. If he is the only prof of this
class, take it next semester. It is not worth it. This is a
class that is hard for no reason and you probably
would learn much from the class.
CSCE331 Apr 29th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Grade: F Textbook: Yes
This class provides real life experience of what the
software industry is like: endless assignments,
unforgiving rubrics, unclear instructions, and long
working hours. It's like completing a semester of
unpaid internship that neither helps with your skills nor
your resume, while the boss who lacks industry
experience thinks he knows it all.
CSCE331 Apr 25th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
I stayed up until 5am the night before one of my
demos pouring my heart and soul into that project. I
go to lab the next day and get a 70. As the points were
getting taken off I actually had to hold back my tears
because I worked so incredibly hard. That's only a
slice of what this semester was like.
CSCE331 Apr 25th, 2024
no professor is worse than this one, avoid at all costs
CSCE331 Apr 22nd, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
He runs the course as if you are taking only his course.
Take this class with another prof instead for your own
sanity.
CSCE331 Apr 20th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: F
you're in a dangerous place if ur even reading this
guys reviews. he has a 2.5 now on RMP and that's
generous. this guy was bullied growing up and you can
tell. no real industry experience (but teaches classes
for industry...). don't even let him tell you how to write
software since his main skill is in being an (awful)
instructor.
CSCE331 Apr 13th, 2024
whichever one of yall is rating this dude anything
above a 1, hmu and lmk what kinda drugs yall are on
CSCE331 Mar 14th, 2024
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: Not sure yet
Ritchey is the best professor to have ever lived. I
learned so much from him during his 331 lectures that
I could easily be hired for a senior software engineer
position tomorrow and get promoted to CEO the next
day. He deserves his own God-tier on the CSCE prof
tier list. My condolences to whoever isn't able to
register for the GOAT.
CSCE331 Mar 12th, 2024
I'm still stuck in the TDD assignment and have no will
to live.
CSCE331 Mar 11th, 2024
Grade: Rather not say Textbook: Yes
8 hr class, 5 1% of total grade components, if you get
less than 70% on any of them your letter grade drops,
unclear expectations, ego, livestreams rubric change
during class, more points off than total, "excellency is
encouraged but not required" (excellency is an A while
satisfactory is a C), Philip Ritchey is the devil and I
sold my soul to him
CSCE331 Mar 11th, 2024
Honestly passing this single class is harder than the
entire ETAM process.
CSCE331 Mar 10th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Several parts of the class are only 1% of the final
grade, but if you get less than a 70% on one of them
you lose an additional letter grade. One of these
assignments is due during spring break, and the auto
grader is set to make it incredibly hard to get a 70.
CSCE331 Mar 7th, 2024
Grade: Rather not say Textbook: Yes
Ritchey is a 96 out of 100, so that's 4 rate deductions,
according to his own standards.
CSCE331 Mar 5th, 2024
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce I have never had a worse experience with a professor
review, but Dr. Ritchey definitely deserves one. Any
positive review is just a lie, because I speak for
everyone in his classes when I say he is horrible. He
shouldn't be a professor, I'm not even sure how he got
the job in the first place.
CSCE331 Mar 4th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
This is the most stressful class ever! He gives extra
points off and basically in this class your grade starts
at -150%. He turned a 4 hours course into 8 hours,
while he actively look into graded assignments to take
off further points.
CSCE331 Mar 4th, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Ritchey made this class so unnecessarily difficult,
stressful, and complicated. He would sporadically
change assignment rubrics without warning, fault his
students for problems he caused, set up intentionally
misleading grading criteria, never ever own up to his
mistakes, and belittle students who asked him
questions. Would definitely not recommend
CSCE315 Dec 8th, 2023
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Awful. Actually somewhat rude as well. If you can take
any other professor, please take someone else. Also
beware of him randomly adding and changing project
requirements out of nowhere with no notice.
CSCE315 Nov 27th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Grading scheme so absurdly complicated that I have
no idea what my grade is because it would take me
over 30 mins to calculate it. Someone else said his
requirements are clear. They are not clear, just
complicated. I wanted to like him but he just doesn't
seem like he tries to relate to his students at all.
CSCE606 Jul 17th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Honestly a really great professor and provides good
feedback when you talk to him. His lectures were
engaging, well taught, and you can tell that he is
passionate about what he's teaching. Never had any
issues and would definitely take one of his classes
CSCE222 Jun 28th, 2023
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: Drop/Withdrawal
Ritchey uses binary grading. You either get a 0 (0%) or
a 1 (100%). If you're not a 100%, you get a 0
CSCE221 Jun 28th, 2023
Grade: A+
I would've rated higher, however, since I felt Ritchey
was more of a 90% than a 100%, I unfortunately must
give a 1.
CSCE221 Dec 15th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
I've seen some pretty horrifying reviews, but I haven't
experienced it. Maybe he's got an on/off switch? He
seems to be the "chill, cool tech guy." His lectures are
Philip Ritchey decent and covers a lot of material that you shouRldate
actually a little hard.
CSCE121 Apr 8th, 2022
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Dr. Ritchey is a smart guy but he is not a teacher. He
has no idea how to deal with students or teach them.
Most of the time when students are lost because of his
teaching he just gets frustrated and tells them they
weren't listening and aren't trying hard enough. Do
yourself a favor and take any other professor unless
you are skilled at comp sci.
CSCE221H Feb 1st, 2022
confusing, because when I took his class, he
constantly seemed angry, and would frequently yell at
and belittle students who asked questions he thought
they should already know the answers to. (Without
explaining the answer, of course. Female students
seemed to get the worst of it.)
CSCE221 Dec 18th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
CSCE 221 was the most disorganized class I have
every taken. Our grade heavily depended on PAs
where 7 of the 10 assignments were jammed into the
last two months of the class (final examination
season). It got so bad to where the class GroupMe
tried to reach contact upper administration to implore
the disarray of the course organization.
CSCE121 Dec 13th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Textbook: No
If you are a CS student, go ahead and take Ritchey.
Can be rude but he does want you to learn the
material and I'm assuming you will need this for future
coursework. However, if you are a simple EE like
myself... AVOID! RUN AWAY! Worst course I have
taken. Unorganized and the homework is insane. Take
CSCE121 Dec 8th, 2021
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No
Trust me. Do not take him. You are way better taking
ANYONE other than him. Don't expect to get any sort
of help from him in office hours. Hardest class I've ever
witnessed. The last few homeworks took me over 15
hours to complete each.
CSCE221 Nov 16th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
The programming assignments take a lot of work but
Dr. Ritchey presents the material very well.
CSCE221 Jul 24th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Very disorganized and inconsistent. Maybe he is well
intentioned, but I am not sure if he deserves that
credit. Can be very moody.
CSCE701 Jul 15th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Great intro class to cybersecurity. Dr. Ritchey was
upfront about expectations, and taught
asynchronously. That is, he posted lectures for each
module and it was on you to watch and read the book.
Tests and quizzes were open book, with unlimited
attempts for the quizzes. Homeworks took a little bit of
time, but nothing bad. Highly recommend.
CSCE221 May 9th, 2021
He has his own grading criteria, which may throw you
off. Tests are divided into weekly quiz, which you can
redo them for better grade. PAs are difficult and mimir
grading provides limited info, but he do provide fast
and helpful feedback via office hour or mail. I was too
late when I realized that, so contact him quickly if PA is
hurting you.
CSCE221 May 6th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: D Textbook: Yes
His teaching was absolutely phenomenal. I have no
complaints about his lectures or his teaching style. The
problem lies in his grading system and the fact that he
piled multiple projects on the week of finals. If he just
stuck to an non-retarded grading system, he would
probably be the best teacher there is.
CSCE221 May 1st, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Ritchey is one of the best professors you can have.
It is true that there is a huge workload with this class,
however, if you put in the effort it is very much doable.
Philip Ritchey His office hours are very beneficial to the studentR aanted
result of it.
CSCE221 Apr 30th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Think it was his first time teaching 221 so he was
disorganized on the syllabus and assignments. Quite a
bit of work so wouldn't recommend taking his class
before ETAM. He pushes you to develop good
programming practices. You'll come out of this class a
better individual programmer but probably not with the
best grade.
CSCE221 Apr 20th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Rather not say
Little to no feedback for programming assignments.
Assigns grades that are either 0 credit or full credit, i.e.
no partial credit for anything. Very accessible on
discord, email, etc. Expects a lot out of students to
enable future success.
CompQuUteArL SITcYience
CSCE221 Apr 1C6tohm, 2p0a2re1
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
I am taking CSCE 314 and 312 alongside 221 and I'm
dreading the combined workload of the two former
classes less than I am 221 (we're in the process of
implementing a CPU in logism and building a language
parser in 314). I feel bad about writing this because he
seems nice, but he doesn't seem to care about his
students' other obligations at all.
CSCE221 Apr 14th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
Programing assignments are impossible, need to get
100 else it's a 0, gives 25 hours worth of work per
week for a 4 credit hour class, impossible and
unreasonable amount of work, as there are multiple
problem sets along with the programs that have to be
completed every week, DO NOT TAKE Unless
workload changes!!!
CSCE221 Apr 13th, 2021
I feel bad about leaving a negative review because
he's a nice guy, but this class is actually the worst. I
consistently do upwards of 25 hours of homework a
week in this course. His all or nothing grading system
means that I can put 12 hours of work into an
assignment and still get a 0. I have never hated class
before, but this one has crushed me.
CSCE221H Apr 11th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Do not take this class with Dr. Ritchey if you want to
keep your will to live. Has a very weird, nonstandard
grading system. Ritchey only awards credit for perfect
programming assignments (that are often difficult
enough to stymie senior Peer Teachers), and assigns
enough busywork to tank your grade in every other
class. Avoid if at all possible.
CSCE121 Jan 22nd, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: Drop/Withdrawal
CSCE121 sucks. I dropped the class after I bombed
Philip Ritchey the first two tests bc they were graded very strictRlya.te
Piece of advice: the "Lecture" times aren't lectures,
they're Q&A sessions and don't help at all. Watch the
videos instead, Dr. Ritchey's module videos were very
helpful for the first 2 months. Nice guy, but the content
was terribly structured.
CSCE121 Nov 27th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: C Textbook: No
1/10 Class. 6.5/10 professor. You'll find that the class
will be essentially the same no matter which prof you
get (trust me on this one.) However, if you're not the
type to teach yourself, then the professor matters.
Ritchey DOES care and it shows. People will try to tell
you otherwise. They're bitter because this class does a
LOT of people dirty.
CSCE121 Nov 26th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Don't be thrown off by the bad reviews!!! Dr. Ritchey is
a very well-meaning prof. CSCE 121 is challenging if
you have little experience in programming, but you will
learn a lot from Ritchey. You just have to try to improve
your skills and Ritchey will wholeheartedly support
you. If you end up hating him it will be because you
didn't try.
CSCE121 Nov 13th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
I took Dr. Ritchey for his 121 class, and he was a good
prof. He is a little skeptical about certain things but
overall a very knowledgeable choice. He has a lot of
anyone from taking his classes. The majority are just
people who maybe did not do good in the class from
their own issues.
CSCE121 Nov 12th, 2020
Dr. Ritchey is a tough professor and will challenge you,
but you're going to learn a lot. There's a lot of material
to cover outside of class, but it's manageable. He
encourages people to ask questions and attend office
hours. He won't sugarcoat anything, but he sincerely
cares about developing your programming skills and
wants to see you improve.
CSCE489 May 23rd, 2020
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes
Probably one of my favorite professors I've had. He
can be harsh sometimes with grading and feedback,
but he just wants students to do their best and actually
learn. He's always willing to provide help outside of
class and his lectures are enjoyable. He also handled
the online transition really well during COVID. Would
definitely take him again!
CSCE121 May 12th, 2020
Organized (he makes an agenda for every class
period), has pretty meaningful in-class activities, and
puts in effort in his lectures. He talks and codes really
fast so its hard to do both at the same time. Most of
the learning I did was from zybooks , labs, and hws.
Don't procrastinate on hw, they start of easy, but get
hard quickly.
CSCE489 May 6th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: F Textbook: Yes
He failed me without giving any explanation despite
my code passing on my system.
CSCE121 May 6th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Honestly, the absolute worst lecturer on the planet. I
came in with complete knowledge of C++ and I was
confused on his explanations. He doesn't really help
on hws, just redirects you to google your question and
leave him alone. However, his grading criteria is pretty
clear and if you mess up, it's on you. Don't skip class
and don't procrastinate.
CSCE121 May 5th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
It's an intro class but he wants to teach the class as if
you've been programming for years because he
doesn't want to bore out the advanced students.
Writes the hardest test questions and grades the
hardest. Very knowledgeable about the subject and
course and willing to help if you ask. Can be
intimidating sometimes.
CSCE222 Mar 2nd, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Ritchey speaks English, so that's a plus. But that is
about all the things that are good about him. He does
not explain anything clearly in lecture and when asked
questions, he takes offense and proceeds to explain
exactly the same way, not clearing anything up. In
addition, Ritchey changed the syllabus halfway
through the semester. Good luck.
CSCE121 Dec 11th, 2019
Dr. Ritchey has some pretty bad reviews on here, but
he really isn't too bad. During lectures, it was really
hard to follow what he was doing because he went so
fast, so learning in class isn't the best option. This
course is a little bit cumbersome and gets hard very
quick, but TA's and PT's are really your only source of
help.
CSCE121 Dec 11th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
He is literally my favorite professor. I admire how
passionate he is about computer science and his
students. I never took him up on his office hours,
however I did attend one of the exam help session and
he was unbelievably helpful. Word of advice for him as
a prof: it is imperative that you ask questions if you
don't understand. Raise your hand!!
CSCE121 Nov 30th, 2019
He sucked. I accidentally gave him a five earlier on
behalf of one of my best professors, so I have to
correct that. He can be rude and condescending,
which is kind of just his personality, but even then, he
should "fake it 'til you make it," but rarely does. His
lectures don't make any sense, and the frankly
awesome TAs have taught me everything.
CSCE121 Nov 11th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
It seems they've restructured this class such that
pretty much any professor you take will be the same
deal/workload. But as him as a professor, he's alright
but I don't feel like I've learned a whole lot from him
though. At least he's passionate about CompSci and
is a nice person.
LOTS OF HOMEWORK SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE121 Oct 8th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
He is awesomely enthusiastic, and responds
amazingly well to emails (probably lives on his
Educational, but insane. Expect to put in 8 hours on
each homework after the first 3 or 4. Homework is like
a massive puzzle so kind of fun, but without TA help,
YOU SHALL NOT PASS! *old grey wizard-y guy
CSCE121 May 6th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
Just God awful.
CSCE121 May 6th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
At first, the class was just like a introduction class. But
after midterm, all of that changes and the pace speeds
up exponentially. Unless you want to waste your time
in this class. Do not take.
CSCE121 Apr 24th, 2019
I would take a monkey over this guy
CSCE121 Apr 19th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
Worst professor I've had so far. Despite the class
being an INTRODUCTORY course, he teaches it as if it
were a 400 level class. First few weeks it doesn't seem
so bad, but once you reach object oriented
programming & linked lists, you won't understand A
WORD he says. I'd gladly take a 5 year old kid over
him. Don't take him, you'll thank me later.
CSCE121 Apr 11th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: A Textbook: Yes
At the beginning, he seemed reasonable and a decent
lecturer. But the further we got into the course the
worse it became. He answers basic questions with a
condescending tone and talks around the question
without giving a specific answer. Also, he can shove
the single-submission for the TempQueries project
right up his ass. Don't get him.
CompQuUteArL SITcYience
CSCE689 Sep 1C8tohm, 2p0a1re8
Would Take Again: No Grade: A Textbook: Yes
689 Software Security (Special Course) He is an active
person with always ready to help nature. But he tries
to push you hard.
CSCE222 May 18th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Amazing professor! He is one of my favorite
professors. I've taken him for 3 classes now. If you
want a challenge and to learn a lot, take Dr. Ritchey.
He gives fun and interesting projects that are thinking
intensive. You'll learn double what a usual class
covers. He is a great lecturer; feel free to ask as many
questions as you want.
CSCE222 May 14th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Hes a great professor, a god amoung men. He is the
mother Theresa of inductive proofs, would definitely
take again, but I dont believe he is teaching 222
anymore :(. Quizzes in class are very difficult,
homework is a lot of work, but there are weekly
opportunities for extra credit.
CSCE222 May 9th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Incomplete
Dr. Ritchey is AWESOMEsanely SMART. Yes, he's a
tough grader, the homework is demanding, intense in-
class quizzes. This class is sink-or-swim; prepare to
WORK but you get lots out of it. I was always in his OH
and he is SO nice, endlessly patient. Study with the
bright classmates, master the material, learn how to
THINK. Sad he gets bad reviews.
CSCE222 Apr 18th, 2018
The worst professor ever. Do not care about the
students. STAY AWAY FROM HIM, IF YOU WANT AT
LEAST A PASSING GRADE. If you take his class, you
will regret soon.
CSCE222 Feb 28th, 2018
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Makes the course unnecessarily hard. Passing a test
with a C is uncommon. Don't be tricked by how nice of
a guy he is, he wants to watch the world burn.
CSCE222 Feb 15th, 2018
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No Grade: C
You will learn a lot but your grade wont reflect that.
CSCE222 Jan 24th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: C Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
Very, very tough professor. Only the strong will Csoumrvpivaere.
Ritchey expects mastery of the material, that being
said, a solid foundation in this course will pay
dividends in your later ECEN and CSCE classes. Might
not get the grade you want, but it is a worthwhile
learning experience.
GET READY TO READ SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Dec 19th, 2017
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No Grade: A
In an ideal world Ritchey would be a great professor.
He cares a lot about what he teaches and if you take
his class you will learn a lot. That being said, grading is
tough and there is a quite a lot of work and stress in
the class. Take him to learn, don't take him if you're
not willing to work very hard to get a decent grade.
Many people Q drop.
TOUGH GRADER SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Dec 13th, 2017
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
avoid if possible! Hes a smart guy, but he makes the
class needlessly difficult, and chances are you will fail
unless you put in more work than youve ever put into
anything in your life. He doesnt ever explain the why
something is the way it is and expects you to always
be able to apply it, even though you werent shown
much about the procedure.
CSCE222 Dec 2nd, 2017
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No
He's not a bad guy, BUT... every assignment/exam is
graded heavily against you. The weekly homework is
unnecessarily long and and the weekly quizzes are
very stressful. Ritchey is pretty relentless and his
insanely high Q-drop rate shows. Take any other
professor, unless you enjoy having neurotic break-
downs on a weekly basis.
CSCE222 Nov 9th, 2017
Would Take Again: No Grade: Drop/Withdrawal
He can't teach! He knows and loves the material but
he can not teach to save his life.
TOUGH GRADER SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE222 Oct 9th, 2017
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce Went to his office hours weekly. He's a great guy who
students to learn and grow instead of spoon feeding
them answers. Ritchey faces one big problem though,
he's just a god awful teacher. He's barely out of grad
school and his lectures are low quality, homework
ambiguous, and tests hard. DO NOT TAKE
CSCE222 Jan 1st, 2017
Would Take Again: No Grade: C- Textbook: Yes
This Professor is a very helpful, but is extremely
difficult. The homework is a lot of work and expect the
final to very very difficult.
CSCE222 Dec 19th, 2016
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
This class is like the survival of the fittest. If you don't
work hard you will probably end up q dropping the
course. Professor Ritchey actually taught me so much
and made me work hard for my grade, but in the end
the efforts didn't reflect the grade I got in the class. I
would say avoid this professor if you can.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. LOTS OF HOMEWORK
Would Take Again: No Grade: C Textbook: Yes
The classy is very difficult no matter who you take, but
Dr. Ritchey wouldn't be my first choice. He is a very
smart guy who does care about his students, but
demands a lot. He goes in a different order than the
other 222 classes, and the tests are hard. It is a very
hard class and he tells you that, but he makes things
unnecessarily hard.
CSCE222 Nov 30th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Ritchey was great, the class itself is hard. No matter
who you take the material is going to be difficult unless
you're an absolute genius. He is a smart guy and the
class is hard but if you work for it you'll do fine.
ENGR111 Nov 4th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Ritchey seems to actually care if his students do well
in the class; however, you will find that he can be
snarky and a little sarcastic at times. If you don't like
teachers with an attitude, don't take Ritchey, you will
find him annoying. Otherwise, he is a fair grader and
he curves at the end of the semester.
Philip Ritchey SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. LOTS OF HOMEWORKRate
ENGR111 Nov 2nd, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
He's very tough, but he will inspire you to care more
about learning than about grades. Yes, GPA matters,
but you're GPA is not going to get you very far if you
don't actually know anything or care about anything. If
you have no prior coding experience, good luck. It
probably wouldn't be a bad idea to start learning now.
His class is code heavy.
CSCE222 Oct 13th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
He is smart. Super smart. He cares about feedbacks of
his students. But his class is hard. Don't choose it.
Especially w/ no coding experience for 222 But if you
do, here is how you survive: Read the textbook before
class. Otherwise you will have no idea what his lecture
is about. His lectures will show his power after you
learn the content.
ENGR112 May 11th, 2016
I think all ENGR 112 classes are tough no matter the
professor you take. I had Dr. Ritchey for honors, and
felt it was fine. I think it was the curriculum of the class
that made the class difficult and not the professors. He
had us do assignments other professors didn't give.
He really likes computer science so expect to be
coding a lot.
CSCE222 May 5th, 2016
Don't take for 222. He'll make you dislike the material
which is necessary for computer science.
ENGR112 Apr 7th, 2016
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Dr. Ritchey is a really good professor for computer
science classes, but he seems relatively new to the
ENGR111/112 system. Overall he's a great prof. I took
him last semester and this one. I plan to take him yet
again for CSCE222 next fall too!
ENGR111 Jan 6th, 2016
Never really told us when things were due. That
caused lots of frustration. But you could email him and
he usually responded quickly. Expected a lot out of us
without teaching it. MATLAB and LabView are hard...
we never got lessons on them but were basically
expected to be experts on how to program. Good
curve at the end, but would not recommend.
ENGR111 Jan 4th, 2016
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
ENGR 111 is supposed to be a rough class and Dr.
Ritchey forces you to learn with lots of work (most of it
is incorporated in all the classes, but it's enforced
here). You have to put your time in and you'll learn your
stuff. C'mon this is HNRS. Tough tests, but mass
curves. I know for a fact (using excel spdsheet) 78
AVG was an A for a friend.
ENGR111 Dec 24th, 2015
He isn't a good professor, and I did not enjoy his class.
The class is intensely frustrating, and Dr. Ritchey was
no help at all. He rarely answers questions, only
offering vague explanations that don't help at all.
Assignments are very unclear and ambiguous. There is
a lot of very hard (programming) hw; he enjoys our
pain, seriously.
ENGR111 Nov 29th, 2015
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Dr. Ritchey assigns Readiness Assessment Tests
(RATs) for nearly every class. Many complain about his
"pop quizzes," but all of the material you need to know
for the RATs is on the syllabus. Expect to make 70s on
the RATs, and still do great in the class. He
demonstrates with examples and works with you if you
have questions. Quick at emailing.
ENGR111 Nov 23rd, 2015
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
The course itself is confusing and has a lot of work,
regardless of the professor. He is very helpful and
extremely responsive to questions.
ENGR111 Nov 10th, 2015
Grade: A+ Textbook: No
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
He's great because he knows everything. AfterC ao mwhpailere
his super mind-powers of Matlab & Labview somehow
are absorbed into your mind through osmosis and then
bam! You're wondering why you were ever scared
about miserable failing the class. He also picks the
best TA's who love to tell stories about engineering
rockstars. There's no better ENGR PROF!!
CSCE222 Nov 9th, 2015
Grade: Drop/Withdrawal Textbook: Yes
Dr. Ritchey is the hardest professor you will ever have.
His class goes faster than any other CSCE 222 class
and he covers chapters others don't cover. He will only
go over the math of what you are doing and assume
you know why you are doing the math (and therefore
can apply the math in any situation). The homework
takes forever to do. STAY AWAY
ENGR111 Nov 3rd, 2015
Unless you can read his mind, this class will be one of
the hardest things ever.
Help Site Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Compliance Policy CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information