CSCE315 Jun 4th, 2026
Grade: Rather not say
He was the single worst professor I've had at Texas
A&M and genuinely destroyed my willingness to
succeed for several years. When I was in incredibly
difficult positions, he was the only professor that
actively resisted providing accomodations when most
professors would at least hear you out.
Reviewed: Jun 4th,
CSCE314 May 6th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+
Very caring and understanding prof. Takes the time to
talk to students personally. Interested in what he
teaches. Exams were not difficult at all if you prepare.
Robert LightfootHe is very willing to help you if you have any queRstaiotens
taking another prof.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Lightfoot is a great professor. You can tell a lot of the
material in the course is AI-generated, but it actually
makes the class really straightforward and easy to
follow. You always know what to expect, and the
exams match the study material well. Not too heavy
content-wise, especially if you've seen some of it
before. Overall, solid class.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
There's a knowledge check every Tuesday, so
attendance matters. However, he does give you a lot
of chances to succeed. The final isn't bad, but you
need to be 100% precise in your answers, otherwise
you'll get points off. That being said, the homework
and in-class assignments are easy as long as you pay
attention and use all available resources.
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
All of his assignments are AI generated and the final
project rubric is not well articulated. The tests aren't
too bad if you get the general concepts though, but
don't rely on him to give you good prep materials
CSCE314 Apr 26th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: N/A
Not sure why his rating is average on here. He is a
great professor, and yes he has in class assignments
but they genuinely help you learn. Before the exam he
gives a knowledge check in class which gives u
questions extremely similar to the exam. Yes you have
to go to class but all assignments are doable and you
leave 30 minutes early most days.
CSCE412 Apr 14th, 2026
boring. not hard. wont learn much
CSCE314 Mar 31st, 2026
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
It was fine up until the final project. Don't know why he
decided to add a new part of the rubric and reveal it
AFTER the thing was graded, went from coasting to
sweating my A for the final. You know it's bad when
Philip Ritchey was the voice of reason on the side of
the students.
CSCE314 Feb 13th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Quiz at the start of every class and in-class activities
every day, so show up. I know he says you don't need
to know the language for the exams, but you DO need
to learn the programming language AND concepts for
the exams. Not a difficult class if you know the
languages, and fyi Haskell is great to learn for the
defense industry.
CSCE314 Jan 25th, 2026
The GOAT professor. Bro chat GPTs EVERYTHING.
Prepare to learn nothing but for it to be an easy class.
Hey, I gained an interest in functional programming
and am actually learning it properly now.
CSCE314 Jan 12th, 2026
This professor is unfit for the role. Lectures and
assignments appear lazily generated by ChatGPT and
often fail to align with course content. Exams and
grading are handled by TAs who struggle with English.
The course reflects a serious incompetence, lack of
care and academic standards.
CSCE314 Dec 18th, 2025
AI generated lectures, AI generated assignments, AI
generated rubrics, AI generated responses to emails
CSCE314 Dec 17th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
In all honesty, this class has clearly improved from
previous semesters as seen in the reviews. Lectures I
thought were okay, seems like less homeworks than
Robert Lightfootthere were, knowledge checks help for exams, exRaamtes
some chatgpt-like replies
CSCE314 Dec 16th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
He claims this is a functional and object-oriented
programming class, but most of the tests are about
whether you remember Java and Haskell syntax. There
was a good amount of partial credit on the tests. He
made up a requirement for the rubric on the final
project that most people did not do.
CSCE314 Dec 15th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
As long as you show up to class, getting an A is easy
enough, however he doesn't understand his own
content and the class is poorly taught. He likes to
make rubric items that don't exist, and the content is
very surface level, basic, and memorization based. If
you want to actually learn something useful, I highly
recommend the other professor.
CSCE412 Nov 7th, 2025
I took Lightfoot abroad for this class, which is really
the way to go. The course content is exactly the same
as in a regular semester, so it's really fast-paced, but
all doable. If you make an effort and try, you should
have no trouble with his class. Take the time to get to
know him and you realize he's EXTREMELY fair.
CSCE314 Jun 21st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
TAs seemed to do most of the heavy lifting, and I
seemed to be told to "search it up" around half of the
time. Class was just about learning Java and Haskell,
and not really about OOP vs Functional like he said.
Bumped to a 2 because he curved after stating
throughout the course that he wouldn't curve (as he
believes in his teaching).
CSCE314 Jun 3rd, 2025
Grade: Rather not say Textbook: N/A
He used chat gpt for all of his lecture slides and just
read off of them. Also used chat gpt for all of his
assignments and pop quizzes. TA's are hit or miss,
nobody actually knew what was going on in this class
but the structure is solid, you know what you are going
to do every day in class even though everything else in
the class was awful.
CSCE314 May 26th, 2025
Grade: B+ Textbook: N/A
The final project was absolutely insane. There's
absolutely no way anybody could code that without
chatgpt. The TAs grading sucked and were unhelpful.
Many classes ended early, and it seemed he put zero
effort into his slides. He seemed to have strange
favoritism and wasn't as understanding as I had
hoped.
CSCE314 May 16th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Pretty poor lectures/in class/assignments. They were
very unclear and often you had to do more auxiliary
work than work with the tools you had, as well as
being all different from each other. Some TAs were
bad, some were good, but it felt like oftentimes they
were out of sync with each other. At least not a hard
class and lightfoot was very nice.
CSCE314 May 14th, 2025
Be prepare for self-studying of the material. His lecture
is AI-generated, and he just read from the slide in
lecture.
CSCE314 May 13th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
The class was full of contradictions a class that was
supposed to be FP and OOP class became how good
you are at Haskell and java. The slides where copy
paste from CHATGPT and it was evident with the
emojis in the text and the gibberish it had. But the
class was easy if you studied the knowledge checks
and the assignments before exmas
CSCE314 May 12th, 2025
Okay, I know all of the other 314 reviews are hating on
this guy but hear me out. He is honestly really caring
and understanding if you actually talk to the guy. His
assignment instructions and grading criteria may be
unclear, but he is always happy to help. TA's graded a
little goofy but he always seemed to give you any
points back if you just ask
CSCE314 May 9th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Lecture slides have little to no information and the
homework assignments are always incredibly unclear
with their instructions and grading policy. Exams are
easy, but you end up walking away learning almost
nothing. I learned more about Haskell from consulting
online textbooks than from any of the lecture content.
CSCE314 May 9th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: N/A
This class was quite unorganized, but I don't blame
Lightfoot. This was his first semester teaching 314 so
the course was not refined. I had more issue with his
TA's. They graded unfairly and were not helpful. But,
Lightfoot was chill enough to fix a lot of grading errors
and is a good lecturer. Nice guy just needs better TA's
and fix the course.
CSCE314 May 5th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
ChatGPT professor
CSCE314 May 5th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Lecture slides and HW assignments are generated by
AI. HW instructions were very vague, so random points
would be taken off. Topics were explained very
generally in class but we were expected to
demonstrate a much higher level of understanding in
the HW that was not taught. Doesn't teach concepts
well at all, don't expect to learn, but he curves
CSCE314 May 5th, 2025
Flexes that he'll always respond to our messages and
has never responded to a single one. Doesn't quite
know how to teach programming as he barely knows it
himself. Very obviously uses ChatGPT for lectures,
quizzes, and HW. The workload for most of the HW
assignments are unnecessary as they don't teach
programming well at all and are written by AI.
CSCE314 May 5th, 2025
Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
He curves up to an A, but not the greatest prof for this
content. He's a good person though.
CSCE314 May 5th, 2025
Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
This class would not be as difficult if more was
explained in lecture past reading off a slideshow. The
assignments are not terrible but require self-learning,
otherwise you will have no idea what is going on.
Might be due to TAs or graders but grading was very
picky and would at times remove points for things not
mentioned in instructions.
CSCE314 May 3rd, 2025
He is not good at teaching Haskell at all, which is the
entire first half of the semester. Some assignment
instructions look like they were generated by AI. He
could be frustrating to communicate with especially if
you had concerns with how he graded your exam or
homework assignment, which happened a lot.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Not necessarily the hardest grader or the hardest
content but man was he horrible. He seemingly puts
weight on different parts of the assignment as he feels
and takes off points randomly. He also lost my
assignment and refused to update it for half the
semester. Thought I had a good teacher going in but
was proven wrong quickly.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
This professor doesn't teach you anything and then
expects you to know everything. The homework and
assignments are unclear. I am pretty sure that Lightfoot
doesn't know how to code in any language. He
ChatGPT's all of his assignments and notes so they
are entirely unrealistic. Good TA's (some of them) but
still AVOID IF YOU ACTUALLY WANT TO LEARN.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Lots of self learning. Assignments seem to be created
by AI and have vague descriptions. He doesn't know
Haskell and may not actually know Java, so his
teaching is pretty subpar. Due to this, the first midterm
(over Haskell) rocked me. I did receive an A on all other
assignments however. Definitely one of the better
options for 314 though.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2025
The prof is overall a 0/5. Lectures are not very
informative, instructions are NEVER clear, TAs don't
know what's going on and there is a huge disconnect
from what's expected from the students and what he
has in mind. Moreover, he is lazy and struggles to
understand the content that HE is lecturing about.
CSCE314 May 1st, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
don't take him
CSCE314 Apr 30th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
While I agree about this class being easy, there is
undeniable proof that shows he puts in 0 effort into
this class and his teaching efforts. Almost everything
was created using AI. It became super noticeable
when you see emojis in the homework and when
explanations on quizzes are emboldened exactly like
chat-gpt. I did not pay for this mediocrity.
CSCE314 Apr 30th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
primarily due to this being his first semester teaching
the course. The homework rubrics are definitely far too
vague which is super frustrating, but the actual
content of the course is totally doable and not that
difficult. Lightfoot truly cares, and I think he will
improve over the next sems!
CSCE314 Apr 30th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
It was his first semester teaching, so I would cut him
some slack for being disorganized. Then again, he
didn't cut us any slack when we misunderstood his
Robert Lightfootvery vague and unclear instructions so why botheRra?te
CSCE314 Apr 29th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Assignments all vague lectures and exams so bad no
fun to be had
CSCE314 Apr 29th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Given this was his first semester teaching 314, my
hopes weren't super high, but he's been awful. His
lectures are near useless, as he glosses over content
and expects us to understand the material within
seconds of him saying it. His homework assignments
are completely vague and ambiguous, and no one ever
knows what's happening. Don't take him.
CSCE314 Apr 29th, 2025
2 stars for 2 cookies, but for real listen to everyone
else's reviews.
CSCE314 Apr 29th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
He gives cookies at the end of the year! so worth the
lack of coding knowledge!
CSCE314 Apr 28th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
He assigns weekly homework coding assignments
with vague prompts, and then he marks off points
when you don't program the assignment the way he
was imagining it in his head. 30% of your grade is
based on in-class assignments (almost every class),
which he doesn't prepare you for. I dreaded coming to
this class.
CSCE314 Apr 28th, 2025
He is not a great teacher, just codes in class without
actually teaching much. You're forced to self study for
exams which make up 50% of your grade.
Homeworks/In class assignments aren't a gimme
either.
CSCE314 Apr 28th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Expectations are unclear for most assignments. Lack
of study materials for exams. Lecture slides are bad
and general structure of the class was inefficient. Also
very unaccommodating and was just straight up
incorrect sometimes.
CSCE314 Apr 28th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
gave me a 15/100 on an assignment for using a library
he said was acceptable. he says to email him through
canvas if you have a question and never responds, i've
sent multiple throughout the semester regarding
different issues and never got an answer. dont take
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: N/A
Professor Lightfoot's CSCE 314 lectures drift off-topic
and often include incorrect explanations, forcing
students to fact-check. Homework feels copied from
AI with no clear guidance, and TAs are underprepared.
In-class exercises are graded inconsistently, and
feedback is slow and unhelpful.
CSCE314 Apr 28th, 2025
Grade: B+ Textbook: N/A
Grading is goofy asl, ngl osrs icl ts pmo sm fr rn. He
straight up doesn't know anything he teaches and tells
you one thing and grades in a different way. I've put
exactly what he told me to and lost 15 points on an
assignment. Easiest prof though he just sucks. Hella
unacommodating and doesn't actually answer
questions right. He can't code at all.
CSCE314 Apr 28th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
very peculiar guy
CSCE314 Apr 25th, 2025
Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Most overrated professor of all time. I was a
student before his class and its vague assignments,
which he grades based on an unclear, nonexistent
rubric. My friend got a 0 on a homework for using a
library that he got permission to use, despite the
program working perfectly. Avoid at all costs.
CSCE314 Apr 23rd, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
bro admitted to not knowing haskell and yet he still
teaches the class. im not even sure if he knows java.
his homeworks are incredibly unclear and "creativity"
is usually a part of your grade. not a good prof if you
care about your gpa.
CSCE314 Apr 22nd, 2025
Grade: Drop/Withdrawal Textbook: Yes
It was his first semester teaching CSCE 314 and it was
a MESS, to put it in the most nicest way. Be ready to
do a lot of self-studying within minimal to no help from
the Prof or TA's. He's a nice guy I guess but he's a
horrible instructor. The course is extremely
Robert Lightfootunorginaized and the homework's are very vagueR, abtee
CSCE315 Jan 14th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Lightfoot is a great/funny professor that cares about
his student's learning. If you get to know him he is
respected and understanding. 315/331 is a very tough
class that requires many hours of dedication and
sometimes it seemed overwhelming and for the most
part disorganized. If you finish your projects on time
and learn then you will get an A.
CSCE412 Dec 16th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lightfoot was a great professor, and he made
Cloud Computing an enjoyable class. The readings
provided a lot of content, but the projects were
immersive, and we learned a lot of useful material for
understanding different frameworks, tools, and
technical concepts. I definitely would recommend this
class for an upper-level CSCE elective.
CSCE412 Dec 3rd, 2024
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
More details will be added once I am done with this
class. I would stay away if you're trying to learn things
on the more technical side, as opposed to textbook
knowledge
CSCE315 Oct 16th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Class is not very organized
Reviewed: Dec 2nd,
CSCE111 Jun 7th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Lightfoot is an AWESOME prof. With amazing TAs! He
made the class fun, but it's still not a walk in the park.
He is caring and will extend deadlines if you ask. Go to
class he will code some of the hw there, and there are
group projects. If you work hard you will get the grade
you deserve. Written while wondering what comp sci
class to take next.
CSCE315 May 10th, 2024
He is far far far away from being the worst professor.
However, out of a very large amount of ill-defined
components I have for assessing teachers
performance, he fails in four. Therefore, he drops 4
down the scale, according to his syllabus' logic.
Reviewed: Dec 2nd,
CSCE315 May 2nd, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
This class is hard regardless of your prof. The course
is not designed so that you will be taught in lecture,
rather by doing the projects. Expect stringency, not
pity. The projects are hard and take 10+ hours of work
a week to get a B. Getting a good group is more
important than the prof for this course.
CSCE111 Apr 20th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
Solid professor. There were no tests for the class,
which was super nice. The lectures were very helpful,
so definitely attend them. The textbook and reading
quizzes were annoying, but everything else was great.
I definitely would recommend taking him!
CSCE111 Apr 17th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Coming from a poorly structured Python class, I
learned a lot this semester from him. However, it's a lot
of work, if you don't stay on top of it. Lectures & labs
are really helpful to complete the assignments.
Lightfoot & TA's are there to help anyway they can!
Optional final, if you do easier stuff at the beginning of
the semester & throughout.
CSCE111 Jan 15th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
I loved Lightfoot's class. It is a lot of work, but I
learned a lot. Stay on top of things and reach out to
the TA's for help, because they were very helpful. Do
the projects at the beginning (scavenger hunt, youtube
videos), because those are the easiest ones and worth
a lot of points. I didn't do them and ended up having
to do harder projects.
CSCE412 Dec 14th, 2023
I have had Dr. Lightfoot for two different classes. He is
a nice prof and grading criteria has always been clear. I
learned a lot in his Cloud Computing class. Projects
weren't difficult but still provided a learning lesson.
Content was interesting and the class is pretty easy.
Quizzes and exams required a lot of writing.
CSCE111 Dec 8th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
A good amount of busy work for textbook reading and
discussion questions. There are a few chapters to read
but you can skim it and a reading quiz. Homework
assignments are very easy and if you get confused he
and TA's are always there to help. 2 lab assignments a
week, super easy. Best Comsci Credit to take, very
easy and class optional final exam
CSCE111 Nov 28th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
Prof. Lightfoot is a thoughtful and adaptive professor
in csce 111. Without the burden of exams my
comprehension of Java and coding via actual projects
has surmounted what ENGR 102 attempted to teach in
regards to coding. If you are new to code like I was,
take csce 111 with Lightfoot. Side note: all of the TA's
were very hands on and helpful.
CSCE111 Nov 17th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
I LOVED Professor Lightfoot. The class was
challenging, but the way Lightfoot taught made me
really enjoy computer science. The TAs were also
extremely helpful and caring. There is a decent amount
of work every week, but if you pace yourself, it should
be fine. There are occasional attendance tickets that
are based on the code we do in class.
CSCE111 Nov 14th, 2023
Prof Lightfoot and his course is amazing. I had no
experience coding but this class helps. Weekly
homeworks were mid/difficult but the TAs were SUPER
helpful so go to their office hours or talk to them during
lab. Go to labs--they will serve as a cushion for when
you do badly on quizzes or dont do hw. i hate perusall
i never got 5s on quizzes
CSCE111 Nov 8th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Professor Lightfoot is an amazing professor! If you
have an option for CSCE classes, I would definitely
recommend this class. The workload is very
manageable and routine which makes it easy for
planning purposes. Would definitely recommend going
to class for live follow-along coding, it makes it SOOO
much easier to learn. NO EXAMS!!
CSCE412 Nov 7th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
A lot of these other reviews are misleading. Yes, if you
get below an 80 on a quiz, he will automatically give
you a 10. But you can RETAKE the quiz and get a 70.
Do the work and you WILL get an A. Rubrics, however,
are very vague sometimes and it gets very frustrating,
but ask, and he will clarify. All he needs are clearer
instructions.
CSCE412 Aug 21st, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
He listened to student feedback and made
adjustments to make the class better for us throughout
the semester. While at first the textbook discussion
approach may seem annoying to most, I really did
learn a ton of information on cloud computing, and still
do! Easy A if you do all of the assignments.
CSCE315 Jul 6th, 2023
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Class was disorganized throughout the semester
despite promises of fixing due dates and rubrics.
Grading criteria was unclear, yet actual grading was
strict. 90% of the work you do is busywork, and only
10% is actual learning via projects. You learn nothing
of substance during lectures. He even admitted that
this class mostly isn't fact-based.
Reviewed: Jul 12th,
CSCE412 May 28th, 2023
Took this class with Professor Lightfoot in Singapore
so it was condensed into 3 weeks but we still did the
entire curriculum. Pretty easy class in comparison to
other upper CSCE electives and actually a really useful
and interesting class too. Lightfoot is a great professor
that you could learn a lot from. Attendance is
mandatory but worth it!
CSCE315 May 15th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
He taught nothing and was rude. He gave vague
rubrics and then graded on specific and useless
criteria. He began the year saying, "this is essentially a
7hr class." I am not complaining about workload but
highlighting failure to teach or provide value (only
frustration). Classes are expensive and time
consuming, spend your time and money elsewhere.
Reviewed: May 26th,
CSCE315 May 15th, 2023
Grade: C+ Textbook: Yes
Avoid him if possible. Vague with instructions and
does not prepare students well with course
expectations. The lectures/assignments were not
helpful. Isn't very helpful in emails either. A peer asked
a simple question about project submission and he
seemed offended by the question and gave a rude
answer. Very unfair on grading team contributions.
Reviewed: May 26tCho,mpare
CSCE315 May 14th, 2023
Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
There are many important topics to learn in 315, but I
recommend avoiding Lightfoot. He has one of the least
organized courses at A&M. Starting from the first week
of school, students are essentially guessing on all
assignment deadlines. Additionally, he has a tendency
to use the excuse "it's like that in the real world" to
avoid fixing issues.
Reviewed: May 26th,
CSCE315 May 14th, 2023
Grade: B+
Lightfoot's course is an exercise in misery. His
arbitrary grading system is wildly unpredictable, with a
single absence or tardy seemingly able to tank down a
letter grade. His teaching offers little substance or
guidance. His abrupt manner exacerbates the issue. In
this class, frustration's the testament, not web
development. Avoid if possible.
Reviewed: May 26th,
CSCE315 May 13th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce 315 HIGHLY depends on experienced/proactive
on team quality. The course grades heavily on Project
2&3 and participation (in-class, team project, peer
eval). Lightfoot doesn't do much: just hands out
projects, weekly readings, and quizzes. Not
flexible/accommodating for final presentations.
CSCE315 May 11th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Do not take him if you have someone else as an
option. Very little guidance throughout the class and
his temper is short with students.
Reviewed: May 25th,
CSCE315 May 11th, 2023
Idek if attendance is mandatory. He said it wasn't, then
tanks everyone's grades at the end of class. Syllabus
isn't clear enough. I was almost always in lec, perfect
peer-evals, & got 50% contribution. To the good
review, talking to him doesn't work. Still will tank u &
Honor Council you if you accidently copy & paste your
own comment in Perusall.
Reviewed: May 24th,
CSCE315 May 10th, 2023
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Horrible grading system.Worked so hard for this only
to get screwed over last minute because of the
contribution, worth 20% of our grade and I got 50%
even though I showed up to all of the labs and most of
lectures.I did great and had good peer evals with a
good end product. My grade dropped from 94 to 86
and this was last min.
Reviewed: May 24th,
CSCE315 May 10th, 2023
Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
I spent far longer on this class than any other in my
curriculum. Endless busywork and assignments. And
what do I get out of it? 50% on my contribution rating,
and I was the highest-rated (tied) member of the team.
Our grades were single-handedly obliterated by a
careless gesture after we gave countless late nights
and tears. Do not trust this man.
Reviewed: May 24th,
CSCE111 Apr 28th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Amazing prof! Grades on a points system so one could
be done with the class and have an A by the 12th or
so week of the course. He is clear on what to do to do
well in the class, and the TAs are extremely helpful.
The codes are also fairly easy and can be done within
a day. Best teacher I've had for any CSCE class.
CSCE315 Mar 28th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Very good class I took it in Fall of 2022 and learned a
lot from this course. We did 2 group projects which
created point of sale systems using React, Java,
Javascript. You learn about development
methodologies such as Agile Waterfall etc. The prof is
very nice, caring and easy going. Only negative is the
reading assignments. Robert is a good prof
Reviewed: May 29th,
CSCE111 Nov 10th, 2022
Loved Professor Lightfoot! I didn't know anything
about coding and I learned so much in this class. Now
I really enjoy coding and I'm excited about computer
science. The weekly assignments can be a lot, but if
you manage your time correctly they aren't bad.
CSCE111 May 13th, 2022
Grade: C Textbook: N/A
Professor Lightfoot was a good instructor but he was
extremely unprofessional when discussing personal
issues and lacked the ability to clearly outline the
requirements for his assignments. He was unwilling to
make any compromises despite the misguiding
instructions that he gave.
CSCE315 May 12th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
This guy cares about his students. If you get the time
and opportunity talk to him about your projects. He
gives very helpful advice and is very reassuring of your
work. I would love to take his class again.
CSCE315 May 9th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
I love Dr. Lightfoot. Even though attendance was
mandatory, I was still excited to come to class. He is a
very friendly guy and has lots of industry experience.
He bridges that invisible barrier between a mentor and
a college professor. His class organization was top-tier
and it's obvious that he's passionate and really cares
about his students.
CSCE315 Apr 26th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
If you can take Lightfoot for 315 then do it. We had
some organizational issues in terms of project
requirements and quiz hiccups this semester, but he's
very understanding and makes it easy to get an A as
long as you show some effort on the major projects.
Only thing is that lectures are kinda pointless/boring
even though attendance is required.
CSCE111 Apr 25th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Take this professor!! Professor Lightfoot makes it
incredibly easy to make an A in this class, and he is
also just a nice guy! There was quite a bit more work
than I anticipated, but he and all of his TAs are willing
to help. By the end of the semester, you can pick and
choose what you do. I wish I could have Professor
Lightfoot for every class!!
CSCE111 Apr 14th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
I wish all the professor gonna have the teaching style
like him. I really enjoyed this class!
CSCE111 Mar 24th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Robert lightfoot, great guy. The class is project heavy
and more intense than I originally presumed. This class
focuses on Java, which is not widely used, so I would
recommend CSCE 110 instead to learn Python, very
popular. If you take 111, getting an A is very
achievable but it will take consistent effort just based
on how the class is structured.
CSCE121 Jan 20th, 2022
Robert LightfootFor Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: R A at + e
Prof Lightfoot was absolutely amazing! I took this
course over the summer this is definitely a weed-out
class but Prof Lightfoot was insanely understanding
and helpful. He prioritizes your learning above all else.
If you're taking the course make sure you are in
contact with your TA's because they will explain so
much. Homeworks are really hard too
CSCE111 Jan 20th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Professor Lightfoot saved me from wanting to change
majors. This course helped me understand coding so
much better than before and I actually had fun doing
his assignments and challenging myself by doing the
extra credit. He shows lots of good step-by-step
examples and if you are ever struggling, he and his
TA's will are very kind and helpful.
CSCE111 Jan 12th, 2022
Prof. Lightfoot is the best professor I have ever had. I
was hesitant about the course since I am not a comp
sci major, but his lectures were both entertaining and
easy to follow. He truly cares about his students and
their learning and his grading system is pretty
forgiving. He is a great guy and will always be willing to
help.
RESPECTED SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE412 Dec 24th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
First time 412 was taught in years. Learned a lot and
got valuable experience in AWS. Definitely helped me
in interviews. Lightfoot is adaptable and changed the
class with any feedback he received throughout the
semester. Not too hard to get an A and you learn
interesting info. The reading can be difficult at times
but you will come away with a lot
CSCE121 Dec 22nd, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: No
After taking him in the summer, it is evident that he is
one of the best professors I've ever had. He's so
patient and thoughtful when teaching challenging
material, and he tries his best to make sure you learn
the proper material. Great guy!
CSCE111 Dec 8th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Lightfoot is hands down the best professor I have had
so far at A&M. The grading system is the best and
allows you to get an A even if you miss a few
assignments. If you have to take a coding class and
don't enjoy coding, I 100% recommend taking this
class. Best professor ever.
RESPECTED SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE111 Nov 29th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Awesome prof! Grading scale is very forgiving, you
would have to try to not make an A in this class. Would
recommend this class x10000.
CSCE111 Nov 12th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce Prof. Lightfoot is the sweetest man- he's always kind,
homework on time. He clearly cares that you learn the
content. He's a good teacher, gives lots of extra credit
opportunities, and the projects are super interesting.
Learned a lot and had a blast at the same time! (Just
stay on top of hw)
CSCE111 May 18th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
A really good prof! He prioritizes your learning over
grades. This grading system was based off of points
and so you could choose what grade you get based
on what you do. I learned so much more from him than
any other prof. Hes also a really nice guy.
CSCE111 May 10th, 2021
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
One of the best profs I have had in college. Very nice
guy and his 111 class has one of the best grading
environments. There are no tests and optional
assignments to raise your grade. First class that felt
like learning was actually prioritized over just being
tested.
CSCE315 May 6th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Great guy, plenty of insights to offer from time in
industry. Good at keeping class organized, clear
grading criteria. Expects regular attendance and
participation, but lectures were interesting enough to
be worth it in my opinion.
CSCE111 May 6th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Prof Lightfoot is honestly the most caring professor I
have ever had. He was always enthusiastic and willing
to help. He once met my group and I at a coffee shop
because we were struggling with our project.
Attendance is optional but you should definitely go
and participate. I'm awful at programming, but
Lightfoot made this class enjoyable.
CSCE315 Apr 28th, 2021
He's built different. Awesome guy all around, very
inspirational and has great stories to share with his
students. He cares deeply about his job and he's
always finding ways to improve.
CSCE315 Mar 13th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Really caring and inspiring professor. The class is one
of the most important and useful classes for CSCE
students. 3 group projects. Definitely a lot of work but
its interesting. The only negative was that there were
too many deadlines and it was difficult to keep up. He
is a really great guy though and helps you in every way
he can.
CSCE111 Dec 15th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
Loved him. Made everything easy to understand and
there is clear grading material. Lots of extra credit. If
you don't pass it is because you are lazy.
CSCE111 Dec 9th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
I mean I dont think he's that great teaching wise, you
are just paying this school so you can then buy the
ZyBooks to learn Java on your own. The class is easy
and the staff are all knowledgeable. But in the end, I
think it's the class and the way its organized thats
easy. Loads of hw but no exams, so I'd take this class
anyday
CSCE111 Dec 8th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Professor Lightfoot made sure that the transition to
online learning was as seamless as possible, while
also having in person classes. You have 2 weekly in
class assignments and codding homework. This was
manageable compared to ENGR101. I went into this
class dreading codding and ended up enjoying this
class. 10/10 recommend him.
CSCE121 Nov 12th, 2020
this professor is amazing. hands down one of the most
caring professors I have ever had. I have had very few
professors I genuinely felt comfortable asking
questions to but he was one of the best. the class
itself sucks but with any other professor its the worst
class imaginable. got a D taking it with another prof
and an A with lightfoot. take him
CSCE121 Sep 10th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: No
Professor Lightfoot is the best professor I have ever
had. This class was in no way easy but he made it
enjoyable. Anytime that I emailed him or met with him
in office hours, he explained things very clearly and did
more than enough to help through assignments. Would
definitely take again!
CSCE121 Aug 12th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B- Textbook: Yes
Professor Lightfoot is a really awesome and
understanding guy. If you try in this class you will do
amazing. If he's an option make sure you take him! He
Robert Lightfootgoes through topics really well and is always readRya tteo
CSCE111 May 17th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Dr. Lightfoot is one of those gems who really cares
more about you learning than a grade. No exams for
this reason. He wants his students to appreciate the
material, so there are assignments that allow for
personal research on how coding is used everyday.
The projects are fun in my opinion. He started every
8am with a music video!! Great professor
CSCE111 May 9th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
The instructions aren't particularly clear for labs, but
they are graded fairly. There are no tests. I don't think
his lectures are particularly useful and at times they
seem like they're made up on the spot. He's a nice
guy, but I can't say I learned much. I got a high A with
little effort.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. GROUP PROJECTS
Reviewed: Aug 20th,
CSCE111 May 9th, 2020
No exams. Attendance is mandatory. Weekly exercises
and weekly discussion boards. These exercises look
complicated but once you get the idea of the
assignment, it is a breeze. You can make up for full
credit if you fix your mistakes. Lightfoot is an amazing
professor. He cares and helps all the time with the
assignments.
CSCE111 Apr 29th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Lightfoot is easily one of the most disorganized
professors I have ever taken. You can get an A easily if
you do all of the work--this class has the most busy-
work you will ever find yourself doing in college--on
time and show up for class. I always got the
impression he didn't like me because he would just
stare blankly at me with this judgy look
CSCE111 Feb 4th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
As long as you do the work, you will get an A. He
groups us together for projects, and we are never on
our own. The labs allow us to get our work done with
the help of TAs. The hardest part of this class is getting
the homework done, as there is a lot if it, but it's all for
good practice, and you will be well on your way to
learning Java.
CSCE111 Dec 12th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: A Textbook: No
I came in with no Java experience and it was
frustrating. Lightfoot teaches using examples not
slideshows, and in truth you're going to have to learn
for yourself online. There are 2 group projects, 13
weekly coding exercises, 13 weekly "gather quizzes",
and attendance. This is how you are graded. Although
all around it's an easy A for a class.
CSCE111 May 7th, 2019
Robert LightfootFor Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: R A at + e
This class gave me a really good overview of the
different aspects of computer science. We did a lot of
different projects where we learned java and the
basics of html. The weekly assignments were fairly
easy and didn't take that much time to complete.
Professor Lightfoot enjoys teaching this class and you
can tell. Go to class, attendance matters!
CSCE111 Apr 26th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Attendance is graded because there are no exams.
Weekly coding assignments were manageable and he
loves using quizzes where students find different
sources about a topic and write 2-3 paragraphs for a
response that all students can view in the ecampus
class forum. He is friendly and is passionate about this
class. Absolutely loved this class!!
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. CARING
CSCE111 Mar 18th, 2019
Dr. Lightfoot is undoubtedly my favorite
professor/living being on the planet. He genuinely
cares for every student and will go above and beyond
to help with any question or concern. The class itself
was not too difficult, and Dr. Lightfoot made showing
up at 8 a.m totally worth it. The second day of class,
he played the Game of Thrones theme song
CSCE111 Feb 21st, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Weekly coding assignments account for the majority of
the final grade, and they're always doable. There's also
2 weekly "quizzes" where you write a paragraph about
certain topics, and 2 group projects. Dr. Lightfoot (and
his graders) are generous with extra credit on
homework assignments if you go above and beyond.
Attendance is 10% of the grade.
CSCE111 Jan 18th, 2019
Honestly the easiest class I've had at A&M so far. All of
the coding projects are really interesting and if you're
guilty of being easily distracted in class, lots of the
materials can be googled and helped with
stackoverflows. 1 coding project and 2 easy group
discussion every week, and NO EXAM. Take him!!
CSCE111 Jun 28th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Dr. Lightfoot is such a good guy. He was always
available to help us out, didn't believe in exams (yay),
and was just overall a super sweet man. He even
played jokes on us during class. He has a
cybersecurity background which made the class
interesting as well. You will have group projects, and
go to class - there isn't a textbook. TAKE HIM!
CSCE111 May 22nd, 2018
Attendance: Mandatory Would Take Again: Yes
Grade: A Textbook: No
Great professor, his class was one of the best ones I
took during the semester. He wants you to learn Java
and he is always ready to help outside the class. No
final exam, but there will be group projects during the
semester as well as the final project. Definitely
recommend!
CSCE111 Feb 14th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: No
He is by far one of the best professors I've ever had,
he truly cares for his students and them learning Java.
The class doesn't have tests, just about 3 weekly
assignments that are super easy and very straight
forward. I've learned a lot from this class, and I look
forward to going to class. I'd take him again!
CSCE111 Dec 21st, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
He is an amazing professor. Really taught you how to
use Java in a modern way without the need of a
textbook. It is an easy class if you do all the
assignments and quizzes as well as attend lab and
lecture. He notices when students go above and
beyond on the weekly exercises. I recommend this
professor to everyone, especially beginners.
Help Site Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Compliance Policy CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information