Shreyas
Kumar
Frank John
5.00 5.00 5.00
Shipman Romero
CSCE-482 May 3rd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
By far the best Capstone professor and professor in
general. Super supportive and uses his expertise and
experience from industry to help students. Getting an
A in this class is the bare minimum, as he encourages
you to go above and beyond. Nothing feels forced or
restricted, as he has a lot of flexibility with deadlines,
project directions, etc.
CSCE-703 May 3rd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce Professor Kumar is caring and effective. He
while bringing real industry experience into his
teaching. His lessons are practical and engaging. He
also knows when to push students to stay on track
and focus on what matters, helping them grow.
CSCE-477 May 1st, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
The greatest CSCE professor of all time. He would
invite guest lectures so that we don't only learn from
him, but also from people who have been in the field.
That helped me with HWs, final exams, and team
projects in this class. He would also encourage us to
join the SRW, which is a resume booster. Build your
schedule around his class!
CSCE-703 Apr 28th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
The classes are incredibly interactive and engaging
making even the toughest topics easy to grasp with
less effort. His passion and the experience makes
each lecture genuinely fun and something to look
forward to!
CompQuUteArL SITcYience
CSCE-703 Apr 2C3rodm, 2p0a2re6
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Despite being a fun class, one would definitely
remember all the security concepts along with real
world examples that will be taught. Besides, the
classroom involvement and tech field trips are such a
plus point to the course. It's like a whole package. I
hope I get to take another course with the prof.
CSCE-477 Apr 23rd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Incredibly fun elective credit!
CSCE-703 Apr 23rd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
I absolutely enjoyed taking CSCE 703 with Dr. Shreyas
Kumar. He brings rich experience from the
cybersecurity industry. The lectures were super
engaging too! I would highly recommend taking this
course and any other courses taught by Dr. Kumar;
he's one of the best professors in the department.
CompQuUteArL SITcYience
CSCE-482 Apr 22Cnodm, 2p0a2re6
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Dr. Kumar is one of the best professors I've had. He
genuinely cares about your success and goes out of
his way to ensure you achieve it. He is also well-
connected and can use his network to his advantage.
In class, he is funny and he is flexible with
assignments. Highly recommend taking him if you can
CSCE-477 Feb 23rd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
He is very chill and lectures are enjoyable. His hw
assignments don't always follow what you would
expect from a Cybersecurity class. I remember one
where the assignment was to apply to 20 jobs - a
couple people got results. He is also very willing to
refer you to someone if you are seeking a job.
Extremely light grader, Defiantly their for vibes.
CSCE-477 Feb 5th, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Kumar consistently enriches his students' learning
experience through meaningful collaboration, practical
and industry-focused assignments, and constant
motivation to step outside comfort zones. The final
project involved real industry-mentored work. He is an
exceptional teacher and an outstanding mentor. Highly
encouraged to take this class.
CSCE-482 Feb 1st, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Kumar is an exceptional teacher and mentor who
explains concepts clearly using real-world case
studies, practical assignments, and extra office hours.
With 20+ years of industry experience, his classes
emphasize industry exposure. He gone out of his way
to help me connect with a company for an internship. I
encourage everyone to take his class!
CSCE-477 Jan 14th, 2026
Grade: A Textbook: N/A
He's super knowledgeable and connected, but his
lectures aren't very focused. Easy A, but I can't really
say I learned anything.
CSCE-477 Jan 14th, 2026
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+
He doesn't grade hard, but he encourages his
Shreyas Kumar students to go above and beyond with positive eRnaetregy
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
and fun, memorable classes. He cares a ton about all
of his students, has a ton of experience in the field,
and overall is just an amazing person. I've taken him
for two classes now and I'd absolutely recommend
him!
CSCE-291 Dec 11th, 2025
Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
Class is very easy but if you want to learn then don't
take him. He doesn't teach anything and always goes
off topic. Dude is awful at lecturing so no point in
going unless you want to waste your time. WASTE OF
MY TUITION.
CSCE-482 Dec 10th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is the best professor I've had in my
entire college career. Taking three of his classes in one
semester helped me build a strong relationship with
him and truly appreciate how deeply he cares. He
always goes above and beyond, supporting students'
growth, confidence, and long-term success with
genuine passion and dedication.
CSCE-691 Dec 10th, 2025
Dr. Kumar is an awesome professor - very supportive,
has tons of industry knowledge, and makes doing
research a fun and collaborative process. He goes out
of his way to help students succeed. Definitely one of
the best instructors I've had.
CSCE-477 Dec 3rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is one of the best CS profs at A&M.
He cares so much about the students and makes
classing very engaging. And he's always willing to help
outside of class for anything from career help to letters
of rec.
CSCE-689 Dec 3rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Engaging class - Dr. Kumar focuses on practical
knowledge and application. He really wants students
to learn and brings in cool guest speakers. I learned
more in this course than I expected, definitely take a
course with him if you can!
CSCE-689 Nov 21st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: N/A
Great professor! His teaching style is clear, organized,
and very easy to understand. He explains
cybersecurity concepts in a way that makes them
simple to grasp, even the complex ones. He's also
very considerate and patient with students, always
willing to help. I learned a lot from his course and
would definitely recommend taking him.
CSCE-689 Nov 21st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Easily one of the best professors at TAMU
CSCE-477 Nov 21st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Excellent professor who truly cares about the future of
his students and their success in the field of cyber. If
you have him in your course schedule, you won big.
CSCE-689 Nov 19th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Prof Kumar's 689 (Security Engineering) class was
really fun! His in-class activities made the learning
process super-interesting and helped to break down
complex concepts into easily understandable bits. It's
clear that he deeply cares about his students. I would
highly recommend taking this class with him.
CSCE-291 Nov 18th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Kumar is the best!! He genuinely cares about his
students and his teaching style turns even the most
foreign concepts into something you can easily grasp.
On top of that, he helped me meet a NASA astronaut
whose Aggie ring holds the record for most traveled.
Highly recommend to take at least one of his classes.
CSCE-691 Nov 18th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
He is an excellent research mentor who guides without
giving answers directly. When I hit a roadblock, he
asks pointed questions and offers helpful hints that
Thanks to him I have publications.
CSCE-477 Nov 18th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
The workload is never overwhelming, yet every
assignment feels meaningful (only 4-5 assignments +
project). Lectures are engaging and full of great stories
that make concepts click. It's clear how much he truly
cares about the class and each student, his passion
and support make this course exceptional.
CSCE-482 Nov 18th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Easily the best Capstone class there is.
CSCE-491 Nov 11th, 2025
Professor Kumar genuinely cares for his students'
wellbeing and success, and always tries to support
them where possible. I think he is a great research
advisor for those who are looking to get into research,
and he has a lot of industry knowledge which can be
helpful. Overall, he truly cares about helping his
students meet their potential.
CSCE-477 Nov 10th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Probably the best professor I have had at this
university. He gives great lectures, responds insanely
quickly to emails, and even sponsors company visits
for students looking for jobs/internships. I am taking
him for capstone next semester, and I highly
recommend taking Professor Kumar for any and all
classes you possibly can.
CSCE-482 Nov 10th, 2025
Dr. Kumar genuinely cares about his students'
success. He draws from a wealth of industry
experiences and life lessons and shares his knowledge
with those around him. I have never seen Dr. Kumar
not walk in with a smile, ready to share his stories with
the class. Could not recommend him more!
CSCE-482 Nov 10th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Kumar genuinely cares about the success of his
students. He draws from his industry experience and
shares so many applicable life stories. Could not
recommend him more to learn and grow professionally
and academically!
CSCE-482 Nov 9th, 2025
Prof Kumar is caring and fun. His lectures are all very
meaningful.
CSCE-482 Nov 9th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Prof. Kumar is the GOAT. The only professor I've ever
met who remembers every student's name and every
detail about them in a 40ish-person class. He truly
cares about each student and provides personal
support to help you. He's also very approachable
outside of class and always fun to talk with!
CSCE-482 Nov 9th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Truly the best prof I've ever had. He cares deeply for
every student and goes above and beyond to mentor
us. He protects us from being taken advantage of,
brings in real industry sponsors from companies like
Meta/Google, and genuinely helps students get jobs.
His compassion and integrity set him apart, truly unlike
any professor at this university.
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Incomplete
Very fun prof to have and made me really appreciate
cybersecurity risk as a subject! Had a really good time
in this class
CSCE-477 Nov 8th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
He wants you to be meaningfully successful so
expected to put work but also gain from it :)
CSCE-689 Nov 8th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Professor Kumar is by far the best professor I've ever
had. His lectures are full of insight, and he keeps them
engaging with interesting real-world examples and a
great sense of humor. Above all, he genuinely cares
about his students and works hard to prepare us not
just for his class, but for our future careers as a whole.
10/10 highly recommend.
CSCE-685 Nov 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Dr. Kumar is a wonderful professor to work with. His
real-world examples make the cybersecurity
landscape easy to grasp, and his enthusiasm for
teaching is truly inspiring. He brings out the best in
every student. Thanks to his guidance, I learned how
research works and published my first paper.
CSCE-685 Nov 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
The professor helps students realize their potential and
guides them toward success. Under his mentorship, I
learned to face new challenges with confidence — a
lesson that solves half the battle. I'm deeply grateful
for his guidance, which enabled me to publish my first
research paper.
CSCE-491 Nov 7th, 2025
Prof. Kumar is a professor who is deeply invested in
every student's success. He is always willing to help
students and meet them where they are at. He is very
flexible and adaptable and that makes him a great
research advisor. If you are new to research and want
to hit it running, Prof. Kumar is the way to go.
CSCE-689 Nov 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
This was an excellent class that provided a strong
foundation in security engineering. The instructor's
extensive industry experience added immense value,
showing how the concepts can be applied in real-
world scenarios. The inclusion of guest lecturers
further enriched the learning experience with diverse
CSCE-689 Nov 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Amazing 689 - Security Engr! Dr. Kumar's lectures are
very hands-on and spot-on related to industry
scenarios from his vast experience at top companies.
His lectures are so captivating that his classes are
always full without any mandatory attendance. Always
helpful outside class and helped me with internship
opportunities. Most fun HWs & Kahoots.
CSCE-477 Nov 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Amazing professor. Classes are very enjoyable. Work
load is up to how much you want to get out of the
class.
CSCE-703 Nov 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Kumar is an experienced industry professional who is
happy to share his experience. Every lesson is so
much more than the slide deck. This class has some
simple HWs, a group project, and a final exam.
CSCE-477 Nov 7th, 2025
I have enjoyed this course since with Professor Kumar,
I was able to learn more about the practical side of
cybersecurity. He was very inclusive and encouraged
us to participate beyond just for our grade. The
assignments are hands-on, so I found that they
effectively added to my knowledge.
CSCE-120 Sep 16th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes
Dr. Kumar is by far one of the sweetest professors
ever. He truly cares for his students and is willing to go
above and beyond for them. I truly value him; he's a
wonderful person! Take him if you can!! Helped me
also with a lot of non class things.
CSCE-120 Aug 21st, 2025
Big "Character" for sure, bragged about his 5 rating on
rate my prof, but honestly deserved. Class is very
standard, he wants students to do well and have an A.
He had fun kahoots, and an Ice-Cream Party too!, and
brought coffee for students one of the mid-terms. In
my opinion focused a bit too much on doing CS for
money/ grades, but good teacher.
CSCE-201 Aug 2nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Take this class! Kumar did a fantastic job at engaging
his students in applying material in and out of the
classroom. He goes above and beyond to ensure
student success even after the completion of the
course. Made this the most memorable online class
I've taken (I'm a senior!). Fair grader with quizzes, a
final, and one long term group project.
CSCE-491 May 28th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
One of the most down to earth, professional
professors I took at A&M. Tells you how the industry
really is, and very understanding and accessible
Shreyas Kumar outside of class, despite his extremely busy scheRdautlee.
freshman year or even earlier.
CSCE-120 May 14th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
The class is common so whichever professor you take
won't matter too much. If you took AP CS A this class
will be easy because you'll only have to learn a couple
new things. Kumar had good lectures but also really
cared about student success. He emphasized that he
was available for advice/mentorship. You can't go
wrong taking Kumar for this class.
CSCE-120 May 5th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Kumar doesn't teach well but he doesn't have
mandatory attendance and his lecture slides are
decent for exam study
CSCE-477 May 3rd, 2025
Professor Kumar is an amazing professor. He
genuinely cares about your understanding of the
material and wants every student to succeed. He
redesigned the syllabus to focus more on technical,
hands-on learning, which made the class more
engaging. He's always willing to help outside of class.
CSCE-477 May 2nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Kumar is the GOAT. He's fair and made the class
enjoyable for everyone. The group project was fun and
chill. The homeworks were fun and easy but effective.
Also he's funny and cares about his students
CSCE-477 May 2nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
The GOAT. Made it easy and fair for everyone but
made it fun. Group project was fun and chill.
CSCE-120 May 2nd, 2025
Professor Kumar is a great professor that's super
understanding and caring for his students. His lectures
are funny, engaging and just great overall.
CSCE-120 Apr 30th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Incomplete
I love this man. I don't enjoy coding at all, nor do I
really need it. I'm an Elen major so this class is just
something I have to get through. He's incredibly
patient and generous. I will say, if you have 0 coding
experience, his lectures will be hard to follow, but he's
so sweet and helpful, he will gladly help if you reach
out!
CSCE-120 Apr 28th, 2025
Great professor that is understanding of students.
Offers great help outside of class, extensions on home
works, and works to resolve issues quickly. Has a
great network of TA's that help students out
tremendously. Lectures can be a little hard to follow,
but overall he is amazing
CSCE-120 Apr 23rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Professor Kumar is a fantastic professor who truly
cares about his students. He will always work to fix
issues with you, offer extensions if needed, and
provide extracurricular opportunities. Exams are very
similar to past exams, homeworks tend to be long but
that is for the class in general. Amazing prof would
take again.
CSCE-120 Apr 21st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
really great lectures and convenient with the hw
submissions. helped me understand c++ as i was a
beginner
ShreQyUAaLsIT KYumar
CSCE-120 Apr 4th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is an amazing professor who
genuinely cares about his students. That said, you'll
need a strong attention span to get the most out of his
class, as his lectures can be quite long. He also gives
excellent career advice and has said himself that his
goal is to make his students successful, rich
millionaires.
CSCE-120 Mar 31st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Prof. Kumar understands that his students are taking
other classes that aren't just his. Takes the time to get
to know his students by name. He is also very
supportive and genuinely cares about how well you do
in his class. His classes are engaging, fun and his
Kahoots are great practice for the exams. Recommend
him for CSCE-120.
CSCE-120 Mar 18th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Professor is such a genuine person. He is very honest
and caring with his students, and treats everyone as
equal to him regardless of his insane
accomplishments. His lectures are very real-life
applicable, and intentionally so. He will grant
extensions and is very open to help for any
circumstance.
CSCE-482 Mar 3rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
In last review, I meant to write a difficulty of not
!! Prof Kumar is very caring and made sure that
every team had a project. He went out of his way to
include projects from companies such as Google and
US Space force. All the projects given were interesting
and challenging! Overall, 10/10 professor that really
cares about each student!
CSCE-482 Mar 3rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Professor Kumar is the GOAT!
CSCE-482 Mar 2nd, 2025
Professor Kumar cares about his students a lot and
cares about students' well being. Very nice person and
makes the lectures fun and easy to understand. He
would also fight for you if he sees the sponsors are
taking advantage of you.
CSCE-482 Feb 27th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Prof. Kumar is an outstanding professor. Capstone is a
course that requires significant effort from the
instructor to ensure its success, and Prof. Kumar goes
above and beyond in this regard. I truly appreciate his
dedication to securing industry sponsors and mentors
for all teams, which greatly enhances the learning
experience.
CSCE-482 Feb 26th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Professor Kumar puts more effort into instructing his
class than any professor I have seen before. He uses
his expertise from working in the industry at large
companies such as Uber to provide relevant feedback
and advice that will be useful for the future. If you are
looking to improve as an coder, employee, and person,
take his section.
CSCE-477 Feb 26th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes
Best professor I've had in 8 semesters. I would almost
guarantee that he will be the best professor you take in
your whole degree. He is very passionate, empathetic,
and has a truckload of industry
experience/connections. Generally speaking its easy
to get a good grade.
CSCE-482 Feb 25th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Very chill fun guy
CSCE-482 Feb 25th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
The difficulty of the class really depends on what your
project is. We all had sponsors. Most of them were
Prof. Kumar's industry connections. We needed to
make the project to our sponsor's satisfaction. In case
of conflicts between your team and sponsor, Prof.
Kumar has your back (assuming that you are being
reasonable).
CSCE-482 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Professor Kumar is a great prof! He really does care for
his students and their success. He gave us a lot of real
world capstone projects to choose from that matter
and provide you with valuable lessons to take into the
industry. He is very understanding and willing to
extend due dates if your project sponsors take longer
on things. Would recommend
CSCE-120 Feb 24th, 2025
Kumar is probably my favorite teacher of my freshman
year. He didn't just teach C++ basics but also taught
why they actually mattered in the real world. Outside of
teaching, he was accommodating whether it was a
because of because a hackathon or when I got a
concussion. Know the class is going to be hard, but he
cares and you will learn!
CSCE-703 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Very engaging lectures, and practical
assignments/projects that help students get hands-on
experience and jobs in the field. Professor is
supportive and super helpful! Highly recommend
taking this course.
CSCE-482 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is engaging and clearly cares deeply
for all of his students. He worked tirelessly to ensure
that all of his Capstone students received interesting
and fulfilling project sponsors, despite poor
circumstances limiting sponsor availability compared
to past semesters. Highly recommend taking him if
possible.
CSCE-703 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Was a fun class, i really liked the part where industry
professionals were invited to give a talk. Learnt a lot
that is actually applicable in the industries.
CSCE-685 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Prof. helped me improve my ideas into a publication
worthy research paper within a semester. I learnt a lot
of practical and industry insight from him. This 685 is
an excellent opportunity to learn cybersecurity
research, gain deep knowledge and develop industry
connections. Rare blend of humility expertise and
empathy. Best Prof at A&M!
CSCE-477 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce GOAT PROFESSOR!!! His class is a real breathe of
His assignments are actually engaging and he gives
you ample time to complete them. He provides great
career advice and guidance, so I recommend taking
his class if you want to pursue a career in
cybersecurity. Also has great guest speakers.
CSCE-482 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar has been absolutely amazing for
Capstone. He has made the experience so much like a
mini internship and you can tell he very much so cares
about his students. All requirements have been clear
and he is very flexible if your group has some
extenuating circumstance with your sponsor. He is
invested in making sure his students succeed.
CSCE-703 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is a fantastic and caring professor.
He uses his first hand experience from the field of
cybersecurity and expertise to inform students on the
real world applications of what they are learning in
class. He genuinely cares about his students' futures
and that they are able to understand the course
content, I highly recommend him.
CSCE-703 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
I loved Professor Kumar, and he knows a lot of
material. He often goes out of his way to help students
with their career.
CSCE-482 Feb 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Amazing guy! Best class I've ever taken
CSCE-703 Feb 23rd, 2025
Professor Kumar's lectures are really helpful, insightful,
and amazing. He teaches everything by giving
examples from his own 20 years of industrial
experience. I would say if you are looking for a full-
time job or a summer internship in cybersecurity, this
course is the perfect opportunity, since it has fun and
practical hand on assignments.
CSCE-703 Feb 23rd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is an outstanding instructor! His
lectures are clear, engaging, and practical. He
connects students with real-world customers for
projects and brings in industry experts. His career
advice, job interview tips, and industry insights make
his class invaluable. Take his course—you won't regret
it!
CSCE-477 Feb 23rd, 2025
The professor has a very unique way to provide
students with illustrative and relatable ways to teach
students. He has been very resourceful towards
finding internships and jobs for all his students. He
wishes the best for everyone in the class. The group
projects are so interesting ,in fact we are able to have
real world projects with companies.
CSCE-120 Feb 22nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Tons of experience in the field, and gives lots of advice
to students. Teaches concepts in a fun and exciting
way. Deeply committed to student success, offering
valuable advice and guidance to help students
navigate complex concepts. He helps foster an
interactive and stimulating learning environment.
CSCE-120 Feb 22nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Very easy grader. Also has tons of experience in the
field, and gives lots of advice to students. He promised
us an ice cream party
CSCE-120 Feb 22nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: N/A
He was an extremely good professor. His lectures are
a little bit long but have a bunch of information. He
also has a lot of industry experience and he ties that
into the class really well. He is extremely accessible
and I would recommend taking him as your professor.
CSCE-120 Feb 13th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Kumar did a wonderful job with teaching his
class, he did his very best to his students engaged
and even hosted a themed class for halloween with
special slides and activities! The home works were not
too difficult and prepared you well for the exams.
CSCE-120 Jan 22nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar worked in industry for a while, and he
makes analogies from coursework to real-world
applications, and it makes learning a lot easier. He's
CSCE-120 Dec 24th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Professor Kumar is hands down the best professor
ever! His lectures aren't required but he has a talent for
explaining difficult concepts in an easy way, and
because he has already had a successful IT career, he
knows what he's talking about. You can tell he
genuinely cares about each and every one of his
CSCE-120 Dec 20th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
This professor always has fun with his lectures and
wants to interact with the class. Aside from the
homework, the class isn't too difficult and I definitely
would take it again just because of how cool and
unique Doctor Kumar is.
CSCE-120 Dec 20th, 2024
He's very caring about his students, gives helpful
feedbacks for questions asked and makes sure we
understand the concepts learned before leaving his
class. He's probably one of the better 120 professors.
CSCE-120 Dec 19th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
You can tell he cares a lot about his students, but his
lectures honestly aren't for everyone. I personally
didn't find it beneficial to go to class, so I didn't go,
but I do think he is a good teacher and person. He also
made the class very interesting the times I did go, and
I do think he is one of the better 120 profs! Very willing
to help!
CSCE-120 Dec 18th, 2024
Very approachable and helpful professor who brings a
lot of industry insights into the classroom. Lots of
activities throughout the semester such as Kahoots
and connecting with industry experts to keep you
engaged and having fun while learning. Stay on top of
the homework, ask the TAs, and take advantage of
office hours; you should be golden!
CSCE-120 Dec 18th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Kumar is one of the best professors I've had
at university so far. He is very caring of his students
and always there if they ever need support. On top of
that, I really enjoyed his class. It was entertaining
(kahoots with prizes) and helpful. The TAs were also
super helpful and available outside of class time.
CSCE-120 Dec 16th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Great professor who truly cares about his students. He
does his best to make a difficult course as
manageable as possible. Stay on top of your
homework, as it gets fairly challenging as the semester
progresses, and you'll do fine.
CSCE-120 Nov 25th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Kumar has a great quality in that he can
easily make complex topics easily digestible by
utilizing interesting analogies. He makes class very
engaging by using Kahoot competitions at the end of
his lectures as a review tool. In addition to teaching
C++ concepts, he is highly approachable for
professional development opportunities as well.
CSCE-120 Nov 22nd, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Caring man that loves to help out and give
opportunities to his students, will go above and
beyond to help. Homework is difficult but the
homework is course-wide and out of prof kumar's
hands.
CSCE-120 Nov 22nd, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
After taking a few classes where Professors reaCdo mfropmare
slides, being in Prof. Kumar's class was amazingly
refreshing. He keeps the class very engaging and can
explain complex C++ topics in a straightforward and
fun way. Had invited inventor of C++ for a guest
lecture, which was a rare opportunity. Responds past
midnight in a minute. He is the best!
CSCE-120 Nov 21st, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Lectures are fun to attend the Professor Kumar is very
accessible outside of class. He is also helpful beyond
CSCE 120 and often helps students with job search
and professional development.
CSCE-120 Nov 18th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Kumar has been the best professor I have
taken a class with at A&M. He teaches the
fundamentals of C++ exceptionally well and genuinely
cares about all his students. Additionally he is very
open to answering questions and is very approachable
outside of class.
ENGR-689 Nov 16th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
His approach to teaching is both practical and rooted
in real-world applications. His teaching style
encourages active learning, and participation is
genuinely engaging rather than a source of pressure.
The assignments are commendable; are highly
relevant to current research and professional interests.
However, it's important to come well-prepared.
CSCE-120 Nov 16th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
I loved taking CSCE 120 with Professor Shreyas
Kumar. The course is well-structured and beginner-
friendly, and Professor Kumar is always available to
help, whether through flexible office hours or extra
meetings. His teaching is inspiring and motivates me
to learn more. I highly recommend his classes for
anyone looking to build a strong foundation!
CSCE-120 Nov 15th, 2024
Professor Kumar made class very engaging and
entertaining. He had a Kahoot at the end of every class
to help reiterate what we learned that class and always
had fun little prizes for the winners! Beyond the
classroom, Professor Kumar is very helpful when it
comes to career/internship/research guidance and
truly cares about the students.
CSCE-120 Nov 12th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
Definitely a really good experience I would go through
again, lectures are interesting especially due to the
creative analogies he uses. Very accessible and
genuinely cares about your success. Prepares you
decently well but forces you to think, going to him
mostly for high-level questions.
ENGR-689 Nov 10th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+
Shreys is a great professor, easy going and ready to
help when needed, and he teaches more valuable
professional skills and shares industry experiences.
CSCE-120 Nov 8th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Mr. Kumar was easily one of the best professors I had
this semester. Besides teaching the core concepts of
C++ exceptionally and clarifying things from the
grassroots level, he was really supportive and helpful
to students looking for internships. Moreover, under
his guidance, I wrote and submitted a research paper
for publication within 50 days.
CSCE-120 Nov 7th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Dr. Kumar is a great lecturer and teacher. He employs
real world examples when explaining code which
allows easier understanding of the material. Almost
every class contains a Kahoot quiz which provides an
extra level of fun and learning to the classroom. He
wants to see all of his students succeed, and it very
easy to reach outside of class.
CSCE-120 Nov 7th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
ComDpIFuFteICr UScLTieYnce
Great teacher who'll give personal attention as he
identifies individual needs of each of his students and
take great effort in ensuring everyone learns. Great
energy, humorous, and fun to learn from!
CSCE-120 Nov 7th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Kumar is among the best professor I had at A&M.
He is invested in your growth and is easily accessible
outside of class. I had the opportunity to conduct
Cybersecurity research focusing maritime security with
him. His lectures are super fun. He also has additional
career advising office hours where he connects you
with his industry friends.
CSCE-120 Nov 6th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Kumar is an fun, interesting professor. He cares
heavily about the students in his class, going to the
lengths of learning student names. The coursework for
this class is a lot, but there is nothing that Dr. Kumar
can do about it. Most of the learning should be done
on the zybooks with Dr.Kumar reinforcing concepts.
Beware confusing analogies.
CSCE-120 Nov 6th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Incomplete
Prof. Kumar is not your typical college professor. Not
only does he learn everyone's names, but he loves
interacting w/ them. Has Kahoots and prizes. Very
personable. The way he teaches is a hit or miss
depending on who you are. He makes many analogies
which can be helpful, but it can also be confusing. Has
a lot of self learning outside of class.
CSCE-120 Nov 6th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Kumar is a very well spoken professor. He
loves to interact with students and is always wiling to
help. He has multiple office hours so its pretty easy to
access him. I would take him again and am planning
on looking for him in the future.
ENGR-689 Nov 5th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
The professor's classes are engaging and well-
structured. Using interactive tools like Kahoot in every
class makes the learning process fun and dynamic.
With extensive knowledge of blockchain, the professor
also encourages students to participate in academic
activities, such as writing papers and competing in
poster sessions at conferences.
CLEAR GRADING CRITERIA GIVES GOOD FEEDBACKCompare
CSCE-120 Nov 5th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Kumar is an outstanding professor who
brings CSCE 120 to life with his extensive
cybersecurity and C++ expertise. His engaging
lectures simplify complex concepts, making them
beginner-friendly. Beyond class, he offers valuable
career and research guidance, ensuring students are
well-prepared for success in the field.
ENGR-689 Nov 5th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Prof. Kumar is a great industry person turned
professor, he teaches real life skills, and focuses on
the overall development of the student.
ENGR-689 Nov 5th, 2024
Prof. Kumar's Blockchain course was well-structured,
and very interactive, and included relevant guest
lectures that enhanced the curriculum by giving
industry insights. He is highly knowledgeable,
accommodating, and always available to answer
questions. Overall, it was an amazing learning
experience far exceeding my expectations.
CSCE-120 Nov 5th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
The professor is outstanding in both expertise and
teaching style. They convey information clearly and
straightforwardly, avoiding unnecessary complexities
to help students understand deeply. His humble
approach encourages active participation, fostering an
inclusive learning environment that broadens students'
perspectives.
CSCE-120 Nov 5th, 2024
Dr. Kumar clearly cares for all his students very much.
His lectures, while sometimes going off-topic, are
valuable and heavily encourage participation. The
course is very doable if you commit to doing the
homework honestly and studying. The homework gets
tougher as the course goes on, so start early in the
week. Exams aren't too bad either.
Help Site Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Compliance Policy CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information