CSCE221 Apr 22nd, 2026
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Dr. Leyk is great. Her lectures can feel a bit slow at
times, but she keeps you engaged by asking questions
and sometimes having students demonstrate topics.
There's a group-based quiz each lecture, so
attendance matters. Exams are fair if you understand
the material, and the TAs are very helpful. Overall, I
would recommend her.
CSCE221 Dec 29th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Daily quizzes in lecture. The lectures are very difficult
to understand, but if you watch study materials
outside of class, the material is not difficult to
understand.
CSCE221 Dec 22nd, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Her lectures were not helpful at all, and didn't respond
to any of my emails. Looks too old to be teaching,
kinda feel bad for her tbh. As for the course, its
structured so that an A or B is very doable if you pay
attention during the labs and do your work on time.
She teaches most of the sections, so there isn't much
of a choice, just be prepared
CPCS221 Dec 13th, 2025
Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Her lectures are very unhelpful for the exam.
CSCE221 Dec 10th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Prof Leyk's class was great. The class is structured
very well. I personally learned more from her TA's
during lab, but thats because of how the course is set
up. If you watch the review videos from the TA's you
will get an A.
CSCE221 Nov 24th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Rather not say
Chaotic neutral teacher. She cares, but is a little scary
sometimes. Got a pop homework due the day-of that
ruined the class's weekend plans. Daily quizzes, and
somewhat consistent schedule. She has also
canceled/moved around appointments, so careful. All
in all, if you pay attention, good prof/class. TAs carry
the actual assignments.
CPCS221 Nov 18th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
She traumatized me from CS. People say Sandep
Kumar is bad but compared to her he is an angel
CSCE221 Nov 11th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Something wicked this way comes...
CSCE221 Oct 27th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: C
She's good when materials are discussed 1 to 1 in her
office hours (hence a 2 instead of a 1), but for the rest,
I just couldn't click with her. She has a heavy accent
that I found hard to fathom, her slides sometimes are a
bit disorganized, and her lectures bored me (and I got
an A in CSCE 120). The army of TAs & PA/HW she has,
though, were great.
CSCE221 Oct 27th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Lectures are alright, but labs are much better. Lecture
quizzes can be a little difficult but you can work with
others. There's a lot of resources to help you do well
thanks to the structure of this course, and of course
the TAs are absolutely goated. Leyk is a decent prof to
take if you don't have better options
CSCE221 Oct 16th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Dr Leyk is actually one of the sweetest profs in the
department. She's been teaching way longer than any
of your other options for this course, so there's a ton
of resources. TAs are super helpful
CSCE221 Oct 10th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
Prof was alright and probably the best option for 221.
Everything is very structured, as she has been
teaching for a very long time. labs carried.
CPSC221 Oct 9th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
Take literally anyone else
CSCE221 Sep 16th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Just no. Take anyone else. People hate Sandeep
Kumar but he is kind and helpful at least. He's better
than her. Worst class ever. Every CS class I've taken
after this has been far better simply because of better
professors.
CPCS221 Sep 3rd, 2025
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: Incomplete
Offered a pop-quiz at the end of class over a one-hour
video. Literally no way to pass the quiz without prior
CS knowledge. What?
CPCS221 Aug 25th, 2025
Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
She does not adequately teach which is unfortunate
given that she is also extremely unapproachable and
does not answer questions in a helpful manner.
Beware.
CPSC221 Aug 25th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
She truly does not care about her students. She
ensures the mental crisis of each and every one of her
students. Also she is a terrible, off topic lecturer. This
class is the worst class I've ever taken. It ruined the
mental health of myself and everyone I know in it. Get
ready to self teach yourself a subject that requires
actual instruction.
CPSC221 May 20th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B
She really hates her students is the general
impression. Also her lectures are horrendous. TAs
carry this class.
CSCE221 May 16th, 2025
Grade: B+ Textbook: N/A
Her lectures were sooo confusing and I learned little to
nothing in them but the TAs are awesome and I pretty
much learned everything from lab. Still had to attend
lecture because she had quizzes at the end of lecture.
She puts students on the spot all the time and it
wastes so much class time and she is also
condescending.
CPCS221 May 16th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: N/A
Not a good lecturer, somewhat difficult accent to
understand. Has quizzes every day over lecture
material that can be pretty hard honestly, password
given in class so you have to attend. TA's will probably
teach you everything, and the class seems very
responsive to feedback. PA's are easy. Overall, not
great lecturer, still the best choice for 221
CSCE221 May 13th, 2025
Grade: C- Textbook: N/A
UGHHHHHHHHHGHH DONT! take her. the other
professors offer a much higher curve and are also a lot
more accessible and approachable.
CSCE221 May 13th, 2025
Grade: D+ Textbook: N/A
She looks and sounds like an angry bird, which is quite
apt. Never met a professor who seemingly cares so
little about their job or hates their students so much.
Shoutout to her TAs though.
CSCE221 May 12th, 2025
Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
Leyk is not a good lecturer. However, she is the main
221 professor and her class is structured to where her
lectures are supplementary. The other profs follow her
and most the TAs have taken her. There are quizzes at
the end of most lectures so watch out. Other than that
tests and HW aren't that bad. Learn from lab, self-
teach, and you'll be fine.
CSCE221 May 8th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
end of lecture quizzes, there would not be much
reason to go since everything is explained better in
lab. That's not to say I learned nothing from her and
that forcing everyone to join in on her demos wasn't
useful, but the content delivery could be better.
CSCE221 May 8th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Leyk is hilariously bad at teaching. She just reads off
of her slides, and the few times she doesn't it's
borderline incomprehensible. She gives out Canvas
quizzes at the end of each class, which are very
annoying, especially as an 8 AM class. Sadly, this is
probably still one of the better professors to choose
because her TAs are very good.
CSCE221 May 7th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Gets the job done
CSCE221 May 1st, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Leyk may be the best for this class but without a doubt
is carried by her gigantic army of TA's. There isn't
anything that u learn in lecture that u don't learn better
during lab with the TA. Quizzes every class that you do
with a group and there are 3 tests. She curved test 1
but not test 2 so its just based on her maintaining her
usual GPA avg.
CSCE221 Apr 29th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Although lectures were not always the best and she
has lots of quizzes, Dr.Leyk was a fair professor and
her material wasn't too challenging. Her TA's are great,
and her office hours are super useful. Would highly
recommend for this course as she's the best of the
221 professors, and you will definitely learn the most.
CSCE221 Apr 28th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
There are many small quizzes at the end of most
lectures. Professor Leyk tries to increase engagement
by letting (forcing) students to go to the front of the
class and do a problem. Her lectures are sometimes a
bit confusing (especially if you can't understand her
accent), but otherwise she really cares about actually
teaching.
CSCE221 Jan 13th, 2025
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
She's alright. Her lectures were okay at the beginning,
but by the end of the semester they were poor. She
would jump all over the slides and then randomly call
students to demonstrate which felt like a poor use of
time as opposed to her demonstrating for us. She
does give extra credit. The PAs are doable but the
HWs and exams are okay.
CSCE221 Jan 9th, 2025
Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
The professor is really nice during her office hours, but
during lecture, she would put you on the spot, jumped
around in the slides, and didn't explain enough to
understand. Her thick accent didn't help much. For the
final, everything about the exam was changed so we
had no idea what to expect for the final, overall so
much unnecessary stress.
CSCE221 Jan 2nd, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
CSCE221 is a challenging course, but the TAs are
great resources. Lectures can be confusing, so staying
on top of the assignments is key. Using tools like
unstuck study and ChatGPT helps with study prep.
Overall, the class is a rewarding experience if you put
in the work.
CSCE221 Dec 26th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Absolute worst professor I've had thus far at A&M.
Confusing lectures that don't really transfer over to
exams and hws. She's a little condescending. 90% of
the relevant material you learn from the TAs in lab. Not
a hard class, but hated lectures.
CSCE221 Dec 24th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
The final exam was tough but the other exams you
could do well in if you watched the TA review videos.
There is a 2% bonus for attending every lab which can
be clutch. The professor is nice but her lectures are
sometimes hard to understand and the material is
disorganized. Without the review videos and TAs this
class would be a 1/5
CSCE221 Dec 17th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
probably best 221 prof. programming assignments
take a while, but not too difficult and TAs help a lot.
she WILL give points back for exams if you go to her
office hours and show that you get the content.
attendance quizzes are the only thing i hated, but
they're 6-7 questions and you work with your group.
CSCE221 Dec 17th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: N/A
Very great professor. She has a bit of an accent but
you get used to it. She is accompanied by an amazing
staff of TA's. She does call on people to work
problems which can be stressful if she picks on you.
But honestly I enjoyed it because it kept you paying
attention. There are also quizzes each lecture. Some
are very easy but dont throw
CSCE221 Dec 15th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Lectures are hard to follow, and quizzes almost every
lecture. TA's are very helpful, and there is a lot of extra
credit.
CSCE221 Dec 12th, 2024
For Credit: Yes Attendance: Mandatory Grade: A
Attendance quizzes aren't too bad but only if you
understood the previous lecture which was impossible
with her heavy accent and slides crowded with useless
information. Makes you work in front of class if chosen
or calls you out if she finds you doing other work.
Unreasonably stubborn when it came to questions and
answers on tests.
CSCE221 Dec 12th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
The lecture is a bit disorganized but okay otherwise,
she does cold call on people to front to work out
examples, and there is a short quiz almost every day
(good lecture review but you can't skip classes). HW
takes time but is easy, tests are not bad. If you interact
with her, and put in work, she's usually quite nice and
understanding.
CSCE221 Dec 11th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Leyk is a pretty average professor. Quizzes in almost
every class get pretty annoying, but they were helpful
for reviewing for the exam. She isn't a good lecturer
and usually picks people to come to the front of the
class and demonstrate concepts, which doesn't work
well in practice. The TAs are amazing for this course
and super helpful.
CSCE221 May 10th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: N/A
People call this a weed out class but nearly every 221
prof just hands out A's. The tests should be an easy A
if you did the programming assignments/homeworks,
and memorize all the in class quiz questions. The
programming assignments take a lot of work but if you
start them early and put in work, you can get all 100s
which make 40% of your grade.
CSCE221 Jan 5th, 2024
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B- Textbook: N/A
The lectures were more confusing that helpful,
however you have to know the material pretty quickly
because of in-class quizzes that test your knowledge
of the previous lecture material. The TAs was the most
helpful resource because they made the material
understandable and were able to help you with the
coding assignments.
CPSC221 Dec 18th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: C Textbook: Yes
Professor Leyk's 221 class is difficult, and I originally
had a failing grade. However, she let me work on make
up assignments and help me passed the class, and I
really appreciate that.
CPCS221 Dec 18th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Very organized canvas, responds to emails quickly,
gives points back on test if you just go up to talk to
her. Annoying attendance quizzes and her
lectures/slides were really theory-based. Most of my
learning was mostly self-study/ learning from the TAs.
Overall, not the best lecturer but she gives a ton of
resources to let you succeed.
CSCE221 Dec 14th, 2023
Grade: A
Leyk does not lecture well and is also quite
condescending. Pulls student to work at front that
makes lecture confusing, has quiz right after explaining
concept; and inconsistent grading as she adds point
to exam in office hour. TA are good but their office hour
is shared across prof. Overall a bad experience and I
wish I took it with someone else.
CSCE221 Dec 1st, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: N/A
leyk is caring but doesn't teach that well. lecture slides
and materials r nice but canvas is disorganized. the
TAs are great and teach concepts well. there's a quiz
at the end of almost every lecture so attendance is
required. if you get full attendance in lab then you get
+2 pts on final average which is nice. exams feel kinda
hard to study for.
CSCE221 Nov 20th, 2023
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: Rather not say
Professor Leyk is not terrible, but is clearly not good.
She often pulls students to the front to work examples.
While the single student who gets selected learns that
on topic, it does not help the majority of the class and
is very stressful when you are pulled to the front.
Typical Comp Sci weed out class; difficult tests and
tedious homework.
CSCE221 May 9th, 2023
Grade: B- Textbook: N/A
The exams are extremely difficult due to there being a
coding question that's worth 16-19% of the exam
grade. You really only get about 10-20 minutes to
solve these and their difficulty could be compared to
"Medium" level questions on LeetCode. The
homework also takes forever and you need to rely on
TAs in lab and office hours.
CPCS221 Apr 30th, 2023
Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
Leyk's class is mostly carried by her army of TAs. In
class, the topics are taught by more mathematical
examples and sometimes it is harder to visualize them
conceptually. Her voice and style of lecture are not
very engaging, but when you go to lab the TAs go over
the topics really well. The tests also cover very nitpicky
things from the slides.
CSCE221 Apr 25th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr.Leyk is a pretty solid prof, she also has an army of
TA's that can be helpful in lab. Solid choice for 221,
but make sure that you are doing your hw and don't
fall behind because it is a huge pain to try and catch
up. Start the programming assignments early and
you'll be fine.
CSCE221 Apr 19th, 2023
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
Leyk is incredibly hard to understand in class. The only
way I could learn in 221 was because the TA's would
always go over lecture material in lab. She spends half
of the time in class asking students questions rather
than lecturing. Never go to Leyk 1-on-1 if you need
clarification on a topic, she is not helpful at all and also
quite dismissing.
CSCE221 Apr 19th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Leyk is a great professor who despite being tougher
and calling people out in class if they aren't taking
notes, etc. she is very lenient and willing to work with
students on areas they're struggling with and also any
conflicts with exams, etc. Quizzes at the end of class,
but after 1/2 of the time passes you can look at notes
and talk with others.
CPCS221 Jan 6th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Dr. Leyk was a good professor! I felt like the end of the
semester went by a bit fast, but overall the pacing was
good. The quizzes can be pretty challenging, but
there's so many of them that few bad ones won't
affect too much. Make sure to go to lectures as the
quizzes are given out in class. Start on PAs early!!!
CSCE221 Jan 6th, 2023
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Leyk is a good prof, but her lectures can definitely be
hard to follow. The saving grace is how generous she
is with extra credit: just show up to her office hours
after an exam, and she'll give you back enormous
points. TAs are a fantastic resource for the PAs; pop
quizzes basically every day in class, so be sure to pay
attention.
CPCS221 Dec 27th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: Yes
This class is very doable, however her lectures can be
difficult. To get an A, you must study her lectures
outside of class and possibly use some extra
materials. The lectures are required since there are
quizzes. The labs are very helpful and also required. If
you have perfect lab attendance, 2 points are added to
your semester average.
CSCE221 Dec 22nd, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: N/A
Lectures can be dull but very informative if you pay
attention. Basically every class has quizzes. She is
very nice and if you miss some she lets you make
them up. Tests are pretty simple. Review sessions
before all of them which covers the material really well.
And she has amazing TAs that help with test,
homeworks, programming assignments etc.
CSCE221 Dec 20th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: N/A
I'm going to be honest, as a Teacher, I don't feel like
she was that good but her TAs were her saving grace.
The tests felt like how much you could read the
question rather than testing your knowledge. There
were a lot of weird questions that were just meant to
trip you up. Outside of that and coding assignments,
pretty easy class.
CSCE221 Dec 18th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Dr. Leyk was a solid professor for DSA. My only
complaint is that it feels like she rushed through
graphs at the end of the semester. The in-class
quizzes are very hit or miss, but there's so many that a
few bad grades won't hurt you. The PAs are straight
forward. For the tests, watch the TA review video and
understand the HW and you'll be set!
CPSC221 Dec 16th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
She's hard to understand but it really doesn't matter
because the TAs will teach you again in lab. Quizzes in
class. Programming assignments are hard but that's
the same for all professors. Go to TAs for everything
and they'll walk you through. Her tests are very similar
to the content posted in the TA's exam reviews. Just
start assignments early!
CSCE221 Dec 16th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Hard to understand, but you don't need to pay
attention bc your TAs will go over the material in lab.
Lectures are mandatory bc quizzes. Programming
assignments (PAs) are the hardest part of this class.
Utilize TA office hours for everything as they will walk
you through everything. Watch TA review sessions for
tests and they'll be easy.
CSCE221 Aug 21st, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
HWs take forever so go to TAs for help. You will get in-
class quizzes at least once a week so attendance is
effectively mandatory. Tests: coding questions are very
easy, the multiple choice are actually pretty difficult.
Test grades tend to be high though. Lectures are dull
but you learn from the HWs. Textbook is actually great
resource use it.
CPCS221 Jun 30th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: N/A
This class is pretty hard; PAs are tedious, in class
quizzes every lecture; lectures weren't the greatest as
she isn't super easy to understand and the
powerpoints are really longwinded and confusing; easy
to talk to and accessible in office hours and you can
get points back on quizzes and tests that way
CPCS221 May 17th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Leyk is really not the best lecturer, but if you go to all
the labs and office hours, you will walk out of the class
with an A. Programming assignments are easy to get
100s on because of TA office hours, and if you manage
to get around 70s on the tests, and go to Leyk's office
hours, she will give you a lot of bonus points.
CPCS221 May 10th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: N/A
The class is hard, the programing is hard, the quizzes
are hard. If you try to do this class without a group of
guys, and asking TAs you will fail. After you bomb the
exams, talk to leyke, fail a quiz talk to leyke, ask the
TA's to walk you through the programing assignments
and homework. If you ask, and work this class is a
hard A
CPCS221 May 9th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
The same opinion on Leyk as everyone else, however,
PAs are tedious, get the textbook. Lectures are dry,
but the material is golden. She is the head of
PTCentral and her TAs are top-notch. Gives pts back
for attending office hours. She is hard to understand
but wants you to succeed. She is my first choice for
221.
CPCS221 Apr 28th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: N/A
Great and caring professor. She is hard to understand
sometimes, and lectures can sometimes get
distracted, but she clearly cares about her students
and takes care of them. Great class
CSCE221 Feb 22nd, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
She is rather hard to understand, but if you go to her
office hours and actually try in the class, explaining
where you messed up she is a gem. Take her, work,
show her your willing , and she will take care of you
CSCE221 Feb 17th, 2022
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
I have perspective transferring from TAMU to another
University, this class is hard, and talking to graduate
students from other institutions it's not hard to see
why, there's typically graduate level DSA covered in
this class. It's worth taking for that reason alone. The
depth, and content covered makes this the most
important class in TAMU CS.
LOTS OF HOMEWORK SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 Dec 29th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
As the semester progresses and the material gets
more difficult, the lectures became extremely
confusing because 1) no one could understand the
accent and 2) the power points are not clear or helpful.
If you want a good grade, STUDY AHEAD and have an
understanding of all the data structures and algos
you'll be going over before you start the class
CSCE221 Aug 9th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Textbook: Yes
Dr. Leyk was nice, but I found it really hard to
understand her accent. I found the material to be
tough, and there are quizzes every. single. class.
Those are what really killed my grade. Not sure if it
was the online class, but I found the tests to be really
difficult as well. If you have a good TA, this class is
doable.
CSCE221 May 19th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Leyk is a very nice lady, but struggled to interact with
the class through zoom and is a very mediocre
professor. You will learn the most through YouTube,
homework, and TAs. Quizzes every class suck and are
pretty difficult, but the exams were pretty
straightforward IMO. Also, a huge curve at the end
which made it easy to get an A.
CSCE221 May 8th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Leyk is very bad at lecturing and you're better off
watching YouTube videos on the topics instead. You'll
learn most from doing the programming assignments
and homeworks. There is a lot of homework but it's
easier than 121. Tests are super hard but she gives
extra credit if you go to office hours. Lots of extra
credit and a curve at the end.
CSCE221 May 7th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: No
Dr. Leyk is a really sweet lady and really cares about
her students' success. There is a quiz every lecture, so
be sure to attend class. PAs can be time consuming,
but you learn a lot from them. The exams are very
difficult, so study as much as you can. If you are
struggling, GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS!! She will
really try to help you!
CSCE221 May 4th, 2021
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No Grade: B+
Leyk is a nice lady, but she is not a very good lecturer.
But you can see she definitely tries and cares about
her students. 2 exams, 1 final, and the rest is on
quizzes, hw, and programming assignments.
Programming assignments and hw are long but
doable. Her quizzes are hard. Like the class, exams
are mid. Final is horrible. She's decent at best.
CSCE221 Apr 27th, 2021
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No Grade: A
Main complaint is that it was very hard to understand
her in lectures with her thick accent. Definitely did
most of my learning on youtube or through the TA's.
Tests can be hard(avg 60-70), hated daily quizzes over
material learned that same day. Wouldn't recommend
her purely based on the fact that I could barely
understand her in lecture.
CSCE221 Apr 27th, 2021
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
You will have daily quizzes, sometimes in a group. The
programming assignments can be tough but the TA's
are very helpful. The tests are brutal. Expect to
average in the 50-60's. This class is very time
consuming so don't take it with other tough classes.
This class is extremely helpful for interviews and
building your skills as a programmer.
CSCE221 Jan 26th, 2021
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
What sucked the most was the DAILY quizzes. Very
hard to be consistent on. Other than that the
programming assignments are difficult but you can get
them don't if you prepare accordingly. The tests are
stupid, as with all computer science tests, so that
arent fun. She isn't terrible but also isn't the greatest.
CSCE221 Dec 9th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: C Textbook: No
Professor Leyk knows her stuff. I am absolutely awful
at programming, but she made it clear at the beginning
of the semester that she will pass her students who
remain in her class. And she was not lying!!! She
curved A LOT to pass me!
LOTS OF HOMEWORK SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 Nov 21st, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: A Textbook: No
Insufferable lectures, but an easy grader. She may be
the professor you want, but she is not the professor
you need.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 Nov 6th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
She did not care about students during the pandemic.
I never asked questions in her zoom because every
time I did she got mad at me for not knowing and
belittled me. She said attendance wasn't mandatory
then assigned a quiz every single day on top of
homework AND projects. Don't take her unless she's
the only option left.
CSCE221 Aug 23rd, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
She has a thick accent that takes time to get used to.
Willing to help a lot. Could provide better notes. Willing
to give points back on quizzes and tests. Class is
difficult but she at least waters it down to be able to
understand her. Curves grades by making some quiz
grades bonus.
LOTS OF HOMEWORK SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 May 27th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
She is a great prof if you put in a nonzero amount of
effort. She always helped in office hours and wanted
everyone to succeed. If you try at all, she will help you
out! This class wasn't the easiest but she made it very
understandable.
CSCE221 May 12th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Leyk wasn't too great. Her lectures can be unhelpful
because she calls people out to present at the board,
which doesn't work in a lecture of 100. The
programming assignments can take a while, but the
TAs and PTs can be very helpful, and I would highly
recommend using them. I got 70s on both tests and
still got an A, so she curves pretty well.
CSCE221222 May 11th, 2020
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
For starters, 98% of ENGR profs at A&M have an
accent and you'll get used to hers by the 3rd lecture. I
hated her 222 class, but I still chose to take her for 221
because she genuinely cares about her students, in a
tough love kind of way. Just ignore all of the hate and
take her. I got my first ever B in her 222 class but
that's my fault tbh
CSCE221 May 6th, 2020
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
I had Leyk for 121 & 221. Her lectures are hard to
follow. Almost all learning takes place outside of the
classroom. If you are struggling and you know it don't
wait till the last minute to try out reviews go early on.
Utilize all the PTs and TAs available. Although the class
is not taught that well it isn't too hard to make an A or
B just study
CSCE221 May 2nd, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Dr Leyk's class is pretty much what you'd expect. If
you don't pay attention, and you wait till the last
minute to complete homework and programming
assignments, you're going to struggle. Her lectures
can be a little monotonous, but try and pay attention,
because the info WILL show up on the tests.
CSCE221 Apr 20th, 2020
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: No
Thick accent, confusing lecture and slides, interrupts
when asking a question. Assignments are okay.
CSCE221 Apr 3rd, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Weekly quizzes (sometimes more than 1), thick accent,
lectures are not engaging, jumps around slides a lot,
poor explanation, learn outside of class on your own,
poor organization, poor wording of questions,
response to student questions are broad and/or
vague, picks on the same few students, office hours
are a must (get on her good side).
CSCE221 Apr 3rd, 2020
Would Take Again: No Textbook: No
Leyk is not an amazing lecturer. Her accent is thick
and her slides are often jumbled and abstract. She
gives weekly quizzes that kill and her tests are no joke.
She also seems to believe her class is more important
than any of your others. She does genuinely care,
however, and is sweet in office hours.
CSCE221 Mar 31st, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: B- Textbook: No
Lectures/prof notes are extremely unhelpful! If you
need to learn something, I highly recommend TA
reviews, they taught me everything I know in this class.
Weekly quizzes. Lots of homework - watch out for
sudden unexplained changes in due dates! Tests are
very difficult and random, "review sheets" are way too
broad to actually help.
CPCS222 Jan 27th, 2020
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
Professor Leyk genuinely cares about her students.
Her quizzes usually range from easy to moderate
difficulty, with the tests being harder. Unfortunately, the
class is definitely self study from other materials, as
her accent makes lectures incredibly hard to
understand and her powerpoint notes are very unclear
and abstract.
CSCE222 Dec 11th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Professor Leyk has a pretty thick accent, but she cares
a lot about her students so if you are struggling I
would recommend going in during office hours and
she will help you out. The tests are almost the same as
the homework questions and she gives lots of
opportunity for corrections on tests.
CSCE121 Dec 9th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Although her class is very easy, her lectures are very
confusing. Furthermore, she has a very thick accent
that I could not understand. The one good thing is that
her tests are exactly like her lectures. Just study the
lectures to do well on the Exams.
CSCE121 Dec 7th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
Leyk was a very lecture heavy professor that gave out
a lot of work that were ten times harder than the
examples that she would give in class. She would not
follow up with her syllabus and teach the harder
material first rather than gradually teaching each piece
of code from easiest to hardest.
CSCE121 Dec 5th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
I have taken this class three times. I Q dropped the
first time, D the second time (my final grade was a 72
but my test avg wasn't a 60) but TERESA ROCKS.
Made an A. Her exams are directly from the slides or
reviews made by TA's/Labs. She has extra credit and
TRY and u get a good grade. Don't even need to
attend lectures besides Friday for quizzes.
CSCE121 Oct 18th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
If you want to try and get ahead and do programs
early so you can actually enjoy yourself then don't take
this class. She gives in-class coding quizzes which
actually just mean one-day coding assignments that
ruin my Friday after I've spent all week trying to have
one day of not doing homework.
CSCE121 Oct 9th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
Do yourself a favor and DON'T take this class. You'll
regret it everyday. You need immense programming
knowledge (and no, CSCE110 doesn't cut it). The
professor has unrealistic expectations from her
students. You'll be so busy with this class that you
won't have ANY time for other classes or anything
else. Every week is harder than the last one.
CSCE121 Oct 6th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
She's probably really smart but her lectures are too
hard to focus on to have any use. She gives out at
least two quizzes a week which ends up either just
being more homework or a quiz on her lecture that is
impossible to understand and it is overall not well run.
The TA's and lab periods are super helpful. Really
annoying class. overall
CSCE121 Sep 24th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
I have absolutely no doubt that Leyk is very intelligent,
but as she mumbles during lectures it is fairly difficult
to understand her. Only take her if you have a lot of
good solid programming experience (ENGR 102
doesn't count as Python is very different from high
levels like C++), and be prepared to move quickly.
CSCE121 Sep 19th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Avoid at all costs, unless
its mandatory. This course just pissed me off. I am a
smart and hardworking student, but this is just too
much work. You wont be able to study for your other
classes AT ALL, ever see the sun, or do anything other
than coding. You are supposed to know everything
before the first day of class.
CSCE221 May 4th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
It's really hard to pay attention during lectures, but if
you really apply yourself, Leyk is a good,
understanding prof. She's extremely understanding
during office hours and can tell whether or not you
understand the content. All of the homeworks and
quizzes do a good job of making you learn the
material. I would take Leyk again.
CSCE221 Apr 29th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: C Textbook: No
She made it really hard to want to attend the lecture.
There were things that we were expected to know that
were never outlined. The grading criteria was the worst
thing for me- they would either change last minute or
would be so unclear that I missed points for things I
didn't know were a requirement. Would definitely not
take for this class.
CSCE221 Apr 26th, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: B Textbook: No
Hard to understand, speaks quietly when she lectures
and likes to ask students questions about things that
haven't been taught yet. Grading criteria was unclear
CSCE221 Apr 23rd, 2019
Would Take Again: No Grade: Not sure yet
the class itself is not difficult, here assignments were
not bad, and the homework was ok as well, but
seriously she cannot teach at all, I really tried to
understand what was going on in class, never
understood anything, so if you actually trying to learn
anything from her you are wasting your time, overall
she is bad as a prof to teach anything
CSCE221 Mar 23rd, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
She really cares that her students succeed. Good
teacher, but kind of boring. Had her for 121,221
CPCS221 Mar 1st, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: No
Leyk is probably one of the best teachers for any of
the CSCE classes. Quizes every Friday. If you have a
chance to take her pounce on it.
CSCE121 Jan 7th, 2019
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Leyk is an incredibly caring professor. Though it
was sometimes hard to understand her due her accent
and the lectures were not always very organized, she
tries to give you as many resources and opportunities
to do well.
CSCE121 Dec 28th, 2018
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Leyk is a decent teacher for 121. This was the first
semester she taught the course I believe so it was
kinda all over the place, but she did a good job. HW
isn't impossible or unreasonable and there's plenty of
help. Also only having a final project and no final exam
was nice.
CSCE121 Dec 12th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Leyk is hard to understand and I pretty much zoned
out every lecture. The class is mostly reliant on
programming assignments. Overall, it is easy to do
well if you have prior programming experience.
CSCE121 Dec 12th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Her lectures can often bore you but this class is not
difficult. If you have prior programming experience,
this will be easy.
CSCE121 Dec 3rd, 2018
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A
Leyk is a great professor if you have some coding
experience going in. She goes around the class and
teaches through question-answer. You can tell by the
way she teaches this intro class that she's used to
teaching higher-level courses. Nevertheless, I'd take
her again. Study the slides before the exam and an A
is definitely doable.
CSCE121 Nov 28th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
She cares about your success and I appreciate that -
but she's not a very good professor and is hard to
understand and doesn't really understand our
questions. She doesn't really know what's going on in
lecture. However, an A is totally achievable. Study the
slides and do the projects and it's doable.
CSCE121 Nov 13th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
Very nice prof, she really wants you to understand
material. She will give points back if you go to office
hours and try to understand what you did wrong on
tests. Class is difficult if you have never programmed
before but not too overwhelming. Pretty thick accent
so lectures aren't very helpful but her slides have most
of the info you need.
CSCE221 May 23rd, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Super sweet lady. Her accent is a little thick, so I
recommend sitting at the front. Always go ask to see
your test, because she'll almost always give back a
few points for correcting. I really enjoyed the
programming assignments. They were pretty
applicable to what we were working in class.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 May 15th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
This class is fairly difficult, but if you put in time and
effort on the assignments and study for the tests, you
will do well. Dr. Leyk really cares that you do well in her
class. Don't be afraid to ask her for help.
CSCE221 May 13th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Her accent is somewhat difficult to understand, but
other than that there isn't anything I wouldn't
recommend Leyk by. Her class, while not easy, is
eminently do-able and manageable if you put the time
in.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 May 4th, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Her teaching style is not for everyone, but you should
always go to her lectures. There are regular quizzes
that will help you prepare for the exams. The
programming assignments are a lot of work so get
started on them early. Dr. Leyk really cares about her
students and wants you to succeed. Do all of the
assignments and go to office hours.
CSCE221 May 3rd, 2018
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: B+ Textbook: Yes
She is a great professor. Really knows her stuff and if
you go to her office hours she is super helpful! She is
pretty hard to understand in class due to her accent
but if you do the HW, Programming Assignments, and
go to class then you can pull out an A or B! I have zero
programming background and she was willing to help
me in office hours
CSCE222 Dec 13th, 2017
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes
Kind of disorganized with assessing quizzes and
homework, but overall she cares if her students
understand the concept. Going to office hours will help
a lot to clarify some concepts missed in class. If you
read the textbook before class and watch some
discrete math videos, you can do well in this class.
CSCE221 Dec 8th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+ Textbook: No
Dr. Leyk is a great professor and really cares about her
students. Her assignments are fair and the tests are
pretty straightforward. If you do all the assignments
and pay attention, you will do great in the class.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. CARING
CSCE221 Dec 8th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: Not sure yet
Hard class but she is a really caring lady, and she
gives you most points back on everything if you go to
her office hour or talk to her after class. Could get an A
just by simply asking her to explain the problems, as
she will even stop her own lecture to show you
specifically how to solve the problem type. Go to her
office hours
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS.
CSCE221 Nov 27th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Overall, Dr. Leyk is a great professor that really cares
about students success. She has fair assignments and
grading and keeps everything straightforward. She
makes sure that the assignments that we do both help
us master the concepts and prepare us for the exams.
CSCE222 Nov 13th, 2017
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No Grade: B+
Really unorganized and unprepared for class. Often
'participation' involves having students just read the
question from the slide out loud, other times they call
up the student to just copy her own notes for a
problem. Classes are more disorganized without her
TAs there, she fails to mention that resources are
usually in another classes page.
CSCE222 Nov 6th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Textbook: Yes
If you pay attention and go to her office hours as well
as go to the Week in Review you will understand what
is going on. She is easy to get a hold of and is willing
to make time for her students so that they understand
what is going on. She is a little difficult to understand
when she forgets to turn on the microphone.
CSCE221 Oct 19th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Lectures are useless but she cares about the students
a lot, and is very accessible in office hours and will
give points back on tests if you make corrections.
SKIP CLASS? YOU WON'T PASS. LOTS OF HOMEWORK
CSCE221 Aug 25th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A- Textbook: No
Skipped every lecture, skipped every lab except to
present, stayed home instead and studied the lecture
slides, practiced problems for the test, read the book,
and did the test corrections for each test, made an A.
Understand that it helps if you can teach yourself in
this course, as lectures are not that engaging. Stay on-
top of all assignments.
CSCE221 Aug 17th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Decent professor. She cares a lot that you learn the
concepts she's teaching. Not too difficult to pull an A if
you study and look over her lecture slides before going
to lecture. Highly recommend watching a video or two
over what she will be teaching in class the next day or
else everything will go over your head.
CSCE221 May 15th, 2017
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: No
Cons: Her lectures are not engaging enough. Some
concepts not explained well. Pros: She has somewhat
helpful powerpoint slides on her website. Not hard to
office hours. Gives back free exam points. Curves
quizzes. ***Runs an excellent Peer Teacher Program***
(Should take advantage of).
CSCE221 Jan 24th, 2017
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: No
Grade: Not sure yet Textbook: Yes
I'm sitting I'm her class right now and I have absolutely
positively no clue what she is saying. Her accent is so
terrible, how do the rest of you even understand her?
Better question, why is she teaching in English, and
why is she the only prof. teaching this class at A&M?
CPCS221 Dec 17th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: C Textbook: No
Dr. Leyk was a very kind and caring professor. She
was very useful in her office hours as well. She clearly
cares that you understand the subject and she will
help you out if you show that. However, her lectures
are hard to follow at times because of the fairly thick
accent. Also her notes are either really great or really
poorly done.
CSCE221 Dec 1st, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Dr. Leyk is my favorite professor I have had so far. She
really cares about her students and wants them to
learn and succeed. It is really important to go into her
office hours, especially after a test. This class is a lot
of work and there is always a new assignment, but
they teach you a lot. I would really recommend her.
CSCE221 Aug 3rd, 2016
For Credit: Yes Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A+
Leyk is an excellent professor. She has an accent but it
is easy to get used to. Sit in the front row, it makes it
easier. She gives lots of points back on tests if you go
to her office hours. She is very friendly and very willing
to help you or answer question. Her class isn't easy
you will get out what you put into her class. Definitely
recommend
CSCE221 Jun 14th, 2016
Would Take Again: Yes Grade: A Textbook: Yes
Yes, she has an accent. However, she is very nice and
will go out of her way to help you. Also, she gives tons
of points back on exams, if you go to her office hours.
CSCE221 May 6th, 2016
Grade: A- Textbook: Yes
The assignments are certainly time consuming, but I
think important (since she lectures over the kind of
stuff you can expect in interviews). This is a core CS
class, so expect work. Dr. Leyk is very sweet and
helpful, especially if you attend office hours to clarify
concepts. Sunday review sessions with PTs will make
your life easy on tests.
CSCE221 Apr 15th, 2016
Grade: B Textbook: No
She might be hard to understand at first, but after a
few lectures you get used to it. She is very helpful if
you go to office hours or ask questions. She actually
wants you to learn the material. There is lots of
homework. Once you finish one assignment you pretty
much must start on the next one to not get behind.
The tests aren't too bad.
CSCE221 Apr 10th, 2016
For Credit: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
While she does care about her students, her lectures
are long and barely understandable. Most of the time
you cannot understand a lot of what she is saying. She
is not the worst, but definitely not the best. As for the
class, it does have a lot of work so be prepared to be
challenged. You have many late nights to come.
CSCE221 Feb 13th, 2016
Grade: B Textbook: No
Horrible, way too much work for a class like this.
Assignments very difficult, and grades very tough.
Tests are not too bad, but make sure you go to her
office hours. She does give points back only if she
likes you. I guess she didn't like me too much because
some students went from failing to an A and I went
from failing to a D.
CSCE221 Nov 9th, 2015
Dr. Leyk is a tough professor, but if you go to her office
hours for help she will work with you to make sure you
learn the material. Also, if you go over the test with her
and show her you understand the material she will give
points back on the test.
CSCE221 Sep 4th, 2015
For Credit: Yes Grade: B- Textbook: No
I cannot understand one word that she says. I
basically had to teach myself using her slides and it
was so frustrating I wanted to scream. She's very nice
and willing to give you grade help, but if you can't
string together one intelligible English sentence what
are you doing teaching in English?
CSCE221 Jun 19th, 2015
For Credit: Yes Grade: B Textbook: Yes
She is impossible to understand, and doesn't
understand when students ask questions, so she ends
up confusing everybody more. Her lectures are
unstructured, and communication of the logistics of
assignments and projects is poor. It is possible to get
a good grade, but you most likely won't actually learn
anything.
CSCE221 Sep 1st, 2014
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: B+
Thick accent, but very focused on helping students
learn. Lots of work for the class but this course is the
basis for so many other CSCE classes that it is very
important to learn the material. Very approachable
outside of class.
CSCE221 Nov 15th, 2013
Attendance: Mandatory Grade: Not_Sure_Yet
Dr. Leyk is a nice lady, but her lectures are absolutely
awful and she doesn't understand that we are taking
more classes than just hers. The workload is insane
but she sometimes delays due dates if enough people
are dying. The class sucks overall though, and her bad
lectures on important and sometimes confusing
material make it worse.
CSCE221 Dec 8th, 2011
This class is taught somewhat poorly. The work load
for this course is IMMENSE and many people cheat.
No one really knows solid answers, and you pretty
much have to bs your way through the course. Leyk is
nice, but lectures have NO structure and are mostly
useless and incomprehensible. Tests are confusing,
but representative to some degree.
CSCE221 Nov 29th, 2011
Poor grasp of the English language. Assignments are
mostly integrating the obscure lecture notes into an
algorithm. Unethical grader and will increase your
grade if you attend office hours.
CSCE206 Oct 26th, 2010
It is impossible to understand her and she has just as
much trouble understanding you, so don't bother
asking questions, it will only get MORE confusing. You
have to create multiple usernames and passwords and
her and the TA did a terrible job of explaining how to
go about getting started in lab. There are multiple
assignments due each week
CPCS221 Jun 26th, 2010
She is a very helpful prof who picks on people sitting
on the front row. She is more than willing to bump your
grade up if you go to her office hours.
CPSC211 Jul 16th, 2009
Knows her stuff but has a thick accent. If you go talk
to her after tests she will give you back most of your
missed points.
CPSC221 Dec 30th, 2008
Most helpful. She really wants her students to learn.
CPSC211 Oct 28th, 2005
I still don't understand what she's saying.
CPSC211311 Oct 6th, 2005
Very boring lectures. Unclear about assignment specs.
She is extremely nice and gives alot of extra credit.
She will even help you during a test sometimes. You
will probably get a good grade in her class, but
probably won't learn very much.
CPSC311 Aug 5th, 2005
Is very helpful if you make the effort to see her outside
of class.
CPSC211 Aug 4th, 2005
No Comments
Help Site Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Compliance Policy CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information